5
--benchmark=earley-boyer.js
--heap-size=10000000000
--log-path=log/2023-04-25-00-46-58/2023-04-25-00-46-58/2023-04-25-00-46-58/2023-04-25-00-48-16/v8_log
Running Benchmark: earley-boyer.js
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11341920 duration: 1.883 speed: 6.02332e+06 garbage collected: 9129060 speed: 4.84815e+06 heap limit: 10640016 size before gc: 11341920 guid: 835056_140425029538568
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11405244 duration: 0.857 speed: 1.33083e+07 garbage collected: 9629668 speed: 1.12365e+07 heap limit: 10640016 size before gc: 11405244 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.0830937 gc_rate: 12.6001, g_bytes: 564730, g_time: 6.79631e+06, s_bytes: 5.39913e+06, s_time: 428500 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.87273 New_limit: 2.54074 L: 1.77558 Additional Memory: 0

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9035552 duration: 2.158 speed: 4.187e+06 garbage collected: 6508428 speed: 3.01595e+06 heap limit: 3872728 size before gc: 9035552 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.102802 gc_rate: 3.87448, g_bytes: 899492, g_time: 8.74979e+06, s_bytes: 6.9479e+06, s_time: 1.79325e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.62428 New_limit: 4.35814 L: 2.52712 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9078100 duration: 1.491 speed: 6.0886e+06 garbage collected: 7096648 speed: 4.75966e+06 heap limit: 4624276 size before gc: 9078100 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.112661 gc_rate: 4.7331, g_bytes: 1.18207e+06, g_time: 1.04922e+07, s_bytes: 7.77234e+06, s_time: 1.64213e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.0786 New_limit: 3.5171 L: 1.98145 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9073676 duration: 2.431 speed: 3.73249e+06 garbage collected: 6921972 speed: 2.84738e+06 heap limit: 4078604 size before gc: 9073676 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.118908 gc_rate: 3.96858, g_bytes: 1.47757e+06, g_time: 1.24262e+07, s_bytes: 8.08225e+06, s_time: 2.03656e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.24886 New_limit: 3.94712 L: 2.1517 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 6357132 duration: 1.051 speed: 6.04865e+06 garbage collected: 5083648 speed: 4.83696e+06 heap limit: 4248856 size before gc: 6357132 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.124154 gc_rate: 4.35835, g_bytes: 1.61397e+06, g_time: 1.29997e+07, s_bytes: 6.72834e+06, s_time: 1.54378e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.37064 New_limit: 2.62028 L: 1.27348 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9161876 duration: 1.432 speed: 6.39796e+06 garbage collected: 7147868 speed: 4.99153e+06 heap limit: 3370636 size before gc: 9161876 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.129812 gc_rate: 5.17712, g_bytes: 1.92769e+06, g_time: 1.48498e+07, s_bytes: 7.70298e+06, s_time: 1.48789e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.11116 New_limit: 3.60303 L: 2.01401 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9073468 duration: 1.967 speed: 4.61285e+06 garbage collected: 7135552 speed: 3.62763e+06 heap limit: 4111160 size before gc: 9073468 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.132891 gc_rate: 4.67503, g_bytes: 2.18428e+06, g_time: 1.64366e+07, s_bytes: 8.07586e+06, s_time: 1.72745e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03507 New_limit: 3.59753 L: 1.93792 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9070524 duration: 1.128 speed: 8.04124e+06 garbage collected: 7266884 speed: 6.44227e+06 heap limit: 4035068 size before gc: 9070524 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.136293 gc_rate: 5.79096, g_bytes: 2.43169e+06, g_time: 1.78416e+07, s_bytes: 8.26788e+06, s_time: 1.42772e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.90079 New_limit: 3.26051 L: 1.80364 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9143140 duration: 2.285 speed: 4.00137e+06 garbage collected: 6569248 speed: 2.87494e+06 heap limit: 3900792 size before gc: 9143140 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.139253 gc_rate: 3.57787, g_bytes: 2.67708e+06, g_time: 1.92246e+07, s_bytes: 8.43076e+06, s_time: 2.35636e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.81194 New_limit: 4.81194 L: 2.57389 Additional Memory: 2

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9260264 duration: 1.564 speed: 5.92088e+06 garbage collected: 7301752 speed: 4.66864e+06 heap limit: 4811941 size before gc: 9260264 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140626 gc_rate: 4.40463, g_bytes: 2.87755e+06, g_time: 2.04624e+07, s_bytes: 8.63387e+06, s_time: 1.96018e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.05566 New_limit: 3.72669 L: 1.95851 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.13828 gc_rate: 4.40463, g_bytes: 2.87866e+06, g_time: 2.08176e+07, s_bytes: 8.63387e+06, s_time: 1.96018e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.05566 New_limit: 3.71188 L: 1.95851 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9196620 duration: 1.769 speed: 5.19877e+06 garbage collected: 7154600 speed: 4.04443e+06 heap limit: 4055664 size before gc: 9196620 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.139354 gc_rate: 4.62037, g_bytes: 3.09663e+06, g_time: 2.22213e+07, s_bytes: 8.61509e+06, s_time: 1.86459e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.13917 New_limit: 3.79686 L: 2.04202 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9194372 duration: 1.315 speed: 6.99192e+06 garbage collected: 7261128 speed: 5.52177e+06 heap limit: 4139172 size before gc: 9194372 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140251 gc_rate: 5.45645, g_bytes: 3.29942e+06, g_time: 2.3525e+07, s_bytes: 8.67464e+06, s_time: 1.5898e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.0304 New_limit: 3.5095 L: 1.93324 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9176300 duration: 1.454 speed: 6.31107e+06 garbage collected: 7220536 speed: 4.96598e+06 heap limit: 4030396 size before gc: 9176300 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140967 gc_rate: 5.72542, g_bytes: 3.4966e+06, g_time: 2.48043e+07, s_bytes: 8.7135e+06, s_time: 1.5219e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.05292 New_limit: 3.50743 L: 1.95576 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9067940 duration: 1.767 speed: 5.13183e+06 garbage collected: 7072812 speed: 4.00272e+06 heap limit: 4052916 size before gc: 9067940 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141583 gc_rate: 5.27889, g_bytes: 3.67738e+06, g_time: 2.59732e+07, s_bytes: 8.68087e+06, s_time: 1.64445e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.09228 New_limit: 3.63083 L: 1.99513 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9065508 duration: 1.433 speed: 6.32624e+06 garbage collected: 7025372 speed: 4.90256e+06 heap limit: 4092280 size before gc: 9065508 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142125 gc_rate: 5.59175, g_bytes: 3.84703e+06, g_time: 2.70679e+07, s_bytes: 8.60416e+06, s_time: 1.53872e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.13729 New_limit: 3.65032 L: 2.04014 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8898856 duration: 1.372 speed: 6.48605e+06 garbage collected: 7077120 speed: 5.15825e+06 heap limit: 4137288 size before gc: 8898856 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142595 gc_rate: 5.90441, g_bytes: 3.99761e+06, g_time: 2.80347e+07, s_bytes: 8.59306e+06, s_time: 1.45536e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.91889 New_limit: 3.30491 L: 1.82174 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8956952 duration: 1.522 speed: 5.88499e+06 garbage collected: 7041180 speed: 4.62627e+06 heap limit: 3918888 size before gc: 8956952 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142975 gc_rate: 5.7591, g_bytes: 4.15449e+06, g_time: 2.90574e+07, s_bytes: 8.57346e+06, s_time: 1.48868e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.01292 New_limit: 3.45786 L: 1.91577 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8935212 duration: 0.86 speed: 1.03898e+07 garbage collected: 7172312 speed: 8.3399e+06 heap limit: 4012924 size before gc: 8935212 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143967 gc_rate: 7.23303, g_bytes: 4.29774e+06, g_time: 2.98522e+07, s_bytes: 8.49404e+06, s_time: 1.17434e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.86005 New_limit: 3.08746 L: 1.7629 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9057820 duration: 1.99 speed: 4.55167e+06 garbage collected: 6598728 speed: 3.31594e+06 heap limit: 3860052 size before gc: 9057820 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.14519 gc_rate: 5.37121, g_bytes: 4.4476e+06, g_time: 3.06329e+07, s_bytes: 8.49817e+06, s_time: 1.58217e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.55624 New_limit: 4.28217 L: 2.45909 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9146084 duration: 1.61 speed: 5.6808e+06 garbage collected: 7234692 speed: 4.4936e+06 heap limit: 4556244 size before gc: 9146084 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.145472 gc_rate: 5.34266, g_bytes: 4.55957e+06, g_time: 3.13432e+07, s_bytes: 8.52734e+06, s_time: 1.59609e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.00854 New_limit: 3.52453 L: 1.91139 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.145213 gc_rate: 5.34266, g_bytes: 4.61475e+06, g_time: 3.17792e+07, s_bytes: 8.52734e+06, s_time: 1.59609e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.00854 New_limit: 3.52309 L: 1.91139 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8934700 duration: 0.879 speed: 1.01646e+07 garbage collected: 7185892 speed: 8.17508e+06 heap limit: 4008544 size before gc: 8934700 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.145772 gc_rate: 6.84118, g_bytes: 4.73518e+06, g_time: 3.24835e+07, s_bytes: 8.46625e+06, s_time: 1.23754e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.84596 New_limit: 3.11379 L: 1.74881 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9105188 duration: 1.027 speed: 8.86581e+06 garbage collected: 7353808 speed: 7.16047e+06 heap limit: 3845960 size before gc: 9105188 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.146697 gc_rate: 7.52555, g_bytes: 4.86624e+06, g_time: 3.3172e+07, s_bytes: 8.52096e+06, s_time: 1.13227e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.84853 New_limit: 3.0579 L: 1.75138 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9056880 duration: 2.079 speed: 4.35636e+06 garbage collected: 6530848 speed: 3.14134e+06 heap limit: 3848532 size before gc: 9056880 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.147563 gc_rate: 5.27908, g_bytes: 4.98821e+06, g_time: 3.38038e+07, s_bytes: 8.47628e+06, s_time: 1.60564e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.62318 New_limit: 4.40498 L: 2.52603 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9028608 duration: 1.318 speed: 6.85023e+06 garbage collected: 7210996 speed: 5.47117e+06 heap limit: 4623184 size before gc: 9028608 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.147699 gc_rate: 5.87449, g_bytes: 5.06392e+06, g_time: 3.42854e+07, s_bytes: 8.58744e+06, s_time: 1.46182e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.91476 New_limit: 3.32922 L: 1.81761 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9145924 duration: 1.743 speed: 5.24723e+06 garbage collected: 7351912 speed: 4.21796e+06 heap limit: 3914764 size before gc: 9145924 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.147905 gc_rate: 5.30861, g_bytes: 5.17714e+06, g_time: 3.50032e+07, s_bytes: 8.50657e+06, s_time: 1.60241e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.89116 New_limit: 3.37489 L: 1.79401 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9026972 duration: 1.818 speed: 4.96533e+06 garbage collected: 7116180 speed: 3.91429e+06 heap limit: 3891164 size before gc: 9026972 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.148006 gc_rate: 4.94214, g_bytes: 5.27993e+06, g_time: 3.56737e+07, s_bytes: 8.45207e+06, s_time: 1.7102e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.00794 New_limit: 3.6023 L: 1.91079 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9150920 duration: 1.383 speed: 6.61672e+06 garbage collected: 7211828 speed: 5.21463e+06 heap limit: 4007944 size before gc: 9150920 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.148085 gc_rate: 5.53499, g_bytes: 5.37794e+06, g_time: 3.63165e+07, s_bytes: 8.56043e+06, s_time: 1.5466e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03624 New_limit: 3.54967 L: 1.93909 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9121508 duration: 1.69 speed: 5.39734e+06 garbage collected: 7145136 speed: 4.22789e+06 heap limit: 4036244 size before gc: 9121508 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.148075 gc_rate: 5.33949, g_bytes: 5.46817e+06, g_time: 3.69283e+07, s_bytes: 8.6409e+06, s_time: 1.6183e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.07352 New_limit: 3.6318 L: 1.97637 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9172336 duration: 1.992 speed: 4.60459e+06 garbage collected: 7149184 speed: 3.58895e+06 heap limit: 4073524 size before gc: 9172336 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.147826 gc_rate: 4.78297, g_bytes: 5.55456e+06, g_time: 3.7575e+07, s_bytes: 8.63397e+06, s_time: 1.80515e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.1203 New_limit: 3.79133 L: 2.02315 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9073996 duration: 1.46 speed: 6.21507e+06 garbage collected: 7141916 speed: 4.89172e+06 heap limit: 4120304 size before gc: 9073996 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.147829 gc_rate: 5.28104, g_bytes: 5.62937e+06, g_time: 3.80804e+07, s_bytes: 8.6217e+06, s_time: 1.63258e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.02923 New_limit: 3.57652 L: 1.93208 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9090220 duration: 1.547 speed: 5.87603e+06 garbage collected: 7212832 speed: 4.66246e+06 heap limit: 4029232 size before gc: 9090220 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.147716 gc_rate: 5.44949, g_bytes: 5.70581e+06, g_time: 3.86268e+07, s_bytes: 8.66354e+06, s_time: 1.58979e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.97454 New_limit: 3.47253 L: 1.87739 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.147483 gc_rate: 5.44949, g_bytes: 5.42052e+06, g_time: 3.67534e+07, s_bytes: 8.66354e+06, s_time: 1.58979e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.97454 New_limit: 3.47127 L: 1.87739 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9054548 duration: 1.275 speed: 7.10161e+06 garbage collected: 7127480 speed: 5.59018e+06 heap limit: 3974540 size before gc: 9054548 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.147447 gc_rate: 6.02226, g_bytes: 5.50835e+06, g_time: 3.73583e+07, s_bytes: 8.62625e+06, s_time: 1.43239e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.02422 New_limit: 3.463 L: 1.92707 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9166408 duration: 1.403 speed: 6.53343e+06 garbage collected: 7208780 speed: 5.13812e+06 heap limit: 4024220 size before gc: 9166408 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.147538 gc_rate: 6.12574, g_bytes: 5.5949e+06, g_time: 3.79218e+07, s_bytes: 8.68444e+06, s_time: 1.4177e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.05478 New_limit: 3.49303 L: 1.95763 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9117980 duration: 2.269 speed: 4.0185e+06 garbage collected: 6957080 speed: 3.06614e+06 heap limit: 4054780 size before gc: 9117980 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.147442 gc_rate: 4.66342, g_bytes: 5.67317e+06, g_time: 3.84773e+07, s_bytes: 8.59631e+06, s_time: 1.84335e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.25805 New_limit: 4.00915 L: 2.1609 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8918648 duration: 1.418 speed: 6.2896e+06 garbage collected: 7046320 speed: 4.9692e+06 heap limit: 4258052 size before gc: 8918648 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.147551 gc_rate: 5.24904, g_bytes: 5.7274e+06, g_time: 3.88165e+07, s_bytes: 8.55947e+06, s_time: 1.63067e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.96948 New_limit: 3.49454 L: 1.87233 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8955264 duration: 1.054 speed: 8.49646e+06 garbage collected: 7170360 speed: 6.803e+06 heap limit: 3969480 size before gc: 8955264 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.148012 gc_rate: 6.32711, g_bytes: 5.79518e+06, g_time: 3.91535e+07, s_bytes: 8.49312e+06, s_time: 1.34234e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.88206 New_limit: 3.2298 L: 1.7849 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9019732 duration: 0.849 speed: 1.06239e+07 garbage collected: 7179600 speed: 8.45654e+06 heap limit: 3882056 size before gc: 9019732 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.148312 gc_rate: 7.745, g_bytes: 5.86716e+06, g_time: 3.95597e+07, s_bytes: 8.48595e+06, s_time: 1.09567e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.93728 New_limit: 3.16749 L: 1.84013 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8954140 duration: 2.371 speed: 3.77652e+06 garbage collected: 6780860 speed: 2.85992e+06 heap limit: 3937284 size before gc: 8954140 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.149075 gc_rate: 4.89823, g_bytes: 5.9295e+06, g_time: 3.97752e+07, s_bytes: 8.49026e+06, s_time: 1.73333e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.27043 New_limit: 3.99184 L: 2.17328 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8741436 duration: 1.554 speed: 5.62512e+06 garbage collected: 6862436 speed: 4.41598e+06 heap limit: 4270432 size before gc: 8741436 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.148615 gc_rate: 5.13961, g_bytes: 5.96144e+06, g_time: 4.01132e+07, s_bytes: 8.44781e+06, s_time: 1.64367e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.97615 New_limit: 3.52722 L: 1.879 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8915408 duration: 1.501 speed: 5.93965e+06 garbage collected: 6979108 speed: 4.64964e+06 heap limit: 3976152 size before gc: 8915408 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.148438 gc_rate: 5.37494, g_bytes: 6.01518e+06, g_time: 4.05233e+07, s_bytes: 8.45121e+06, s_time: 1.57233e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03345 New_limit: 3.57145 L: 1.9363 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9122124 duration: 1.36 speed: 6.70744e+06 garbage collected: 7310004 speed: 5.375e+06 heap limit: 4033452 size before gc: 9122124 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.148446 gc_rate: 5.87702, g_bytes: 6.07372e+06, g_time: 4.09153e+07, s_bytes: 8.61669e+06, s_time: 1.46617e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.90927 New_limit: 3.32493 L: 1.81212 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.148043 gc_rate: 5.87702, g_bytes: 5.86171e+06, g_time: 3.95948e+07, s_bytes: 8.61669e+06, s_time: 1.46617e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.90927 New_limit: 3.32287 L: 1.81212 Additional Memory: 1

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9255636 duration: 2.008 speed: 4.60938e+06 garbage collected: 7240776 speed: 3.60596e+06 heap limit: 3909272 size before gc: 9255636 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.147943 gc_rate: 4.97421, g_bytes: 5.9408e+06, g_time: 4.0156e+07, s_bytes: 8.64062e+06, s_time: 1.73708e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.11201 New_limit: 3.74584 L: 2.01486 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9248900 duration: 1.512 speed: 6.117e+06 garbage collected: 7305160 speed: 4.83146e+06 heap limit: 4112012 size before gc: 9248900 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.146883 gc_rate: 5.37904, g_bytes: 6.00546e+06, g_time: 4.08861e+07, s_bytes: 8.73848e+06, s_time: 1.62454e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.04089 New_limit: 3.5728 L: 1.94374 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9206304 duration: 1.258 speed: 7.31821e+06 garbage collected: 7199744 speed: 5.72317e+06 heap limit: 4040892 size before gc: 9206304 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.146767 gc_rate: 6.0589, g_bytes: 6.06832e+06, g_time: 4.13467e+07, s_bytes: 8.73252e+06, s_time: 1.44127e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.10371 New_limit: 3.56549 L: 2.00656 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9107324 duration: 1.871 speed: 4.86762e+06 garbage collected: 7162520 speed: 3.82818e+06 heap limit: 4103712 size before gc: 9107324 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.145976 gc_rate: 5.19427, g_bytes: 6.11994e+06, g_time: 4.19243e+07, s_bytes: 8.60241e+06, s_time: 1.65614e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.04196 New_limit: 3.59791 L: 1.9448 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9037584 duration: 1.556 speed: 5.80822e+06 garbage collected: 7275488 speed: 4.67576e+06 heap limit: 4041956 size before gc: 9037584 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.146249 gc_rate: 5.30029, g_bytes: 6.16858e+06, g_time: 4.21785e+07, s_bytes: 8.51262e+06, s_time: 1.60607e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.85925 New_limit: 3.32128 L: 1.7621 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9262408 duration: 2.232 speed: 4.14982e+06 garbage collected: 7398288 speed: 3.31465e+06 heap limit: 3859248 size before gc: 9262408 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.146861 gc_rate: 3.51177, g_bytes: 6.23517e+06, g_time: 4.24562e+07, s_bytes: 8.4951e+06, s_time: 2.41903e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.96127 New_limit: 3.83841 L: 1.86412 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8946996 duration: 1.582 speed: 5.6555e+06 garbage collected: 7080056 speed: 4.47538e+06 heap limit: 3961272 size before gc: 8946996 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.146467 gc_rate: 4.25887, g_bytes: 6.27756e+06, g_time: 4.28599e+07, s_bytes: 8.51994e+06, s_time: 2.00052e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.96409 New_limit: 3.65867 L: 1.86694 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9038464 duration: 1.411 speed: 6.40572e+06 garbage collected: 7213704 speed: 5.11248e+06 heap limit: 3964092 size before gc: 9038464 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.146238 gc_rate: 5.04642, g_bytes: 6.32225e+06, g_time: 4.32327e+07, s_bytes: 8.60798e+06, s_time: 1.70576e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.92191 New_limit: 3.45078 L: 1.82476 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9196876 duration: 1.845 speed: 4.98476e+06 garbage collected: 7170176 speed: 3.88627e+06 heap limit: 3921912 size before gc: 9196876 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.145663 gc_rate: 4.87977, g_bytes: 6.37475e+06, g_time: 4.37635e+07, s_bytes: 8.66343e+06, s_time: 1.77538e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.12385 New_limit: 3.76592 L: 2.0267 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.145253 gc_rate: 4.87977, g_bytes: 6.33892e+06, g_time: 4.36404e+07, s_bytes: 8.66343e+06, s_time: 1.77538e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.12385 New_limit: 3.76347 L: 2.0267 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9195412 duration: 1.263 speed: 7.28061e+06 garbage collected: 7266972 speed: 5.75374e+06 heap limit: 4123852 size before gc: 9195412 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.145595 gc_rate: 5.73272, g_bytes: 6.38041e+06, g_time: 4.38231e+07, s_bytes: 8.70908e+06, s_time: 1.51919e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.02559 New_limit: 3.49332 L: 1.92844 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9170016 duration: 1.475 speed: 6.21696e+06 garbage collected: 7232396 speed: 4.90332e+06 heap limit: 4025592 size before gc: 9170016 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.145767 gc_rate: 5.82152, g_bytes: 6.42347e+06, g_time: 4.40666e+07, s_bytes: 8.71537e+06, s_time: 1.49709e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03477 New_limit: 3.49513 L: 1.93762 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9209200 duration: 1.895 speed: 4.85974e+06 garbage collected: 7196720 speed: 3.79774e+06 heap limit: 4034772 size before gc: 9209200 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.145825 gc_rate: 3.97017, g_bytes: 6.46587e+06, g_time: 4.43399e+07, s_bytes: 8.71868e+06, s_time: 2.19605e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.10963 New_limit: 3.93496 L: 2.01248 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9157804 duration: 1.989 speed: 4.60423e+06 garbage collected: 7129124 speed: 3.58428e+06 heap limit: 4109632 size before gc: 9157804 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.145723 gc_rate: 4.14036, g_bytes: 6.49985e+06, g_time: 4.46042e+07, s_bytes: 8.6638e+06, s_time: 2.09252e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.12583 New_limit: 3.91813 L: 2.02868 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9055120 duration: 1.264 speed: 7.16386e+06 garbage collected: 7089028 speed: 5.60841e+06 heap limit: 4125832 size before gc: 9055120 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.145643 gc_rate: 5.14081, g_bytes: 6.52618e+06, g_time: 4.48094e+07, s_bytes: 8.62762e+06, s_time: 1.67826e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.06324 New_limit: 3.63494 L: 1.96609 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9121308 duration: 1.61 speed: 5.66541e+06 garbage collected: 7146708 speed: 4.43895e+06 heap limit: 4063244 size before gc: 9121308 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.145731 gc_rate: 5.27665, g_bytes: 6.55763e+06, g_time: 4.49983e+07, s_bytes: 8.6755e+06, s_time: 1.64413e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.07175 New_limit: 3.62588 L: 1.9746 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9252012 duration: 1.962 speed: 4.7156e+06 garbage collected: 7162772 speed: 3.65075e+06 heap limit: 4071752 size before gc: 9252012 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.145138 gc_rate: 4.80181, g_bytes: 6.59362e+06, g_time: 4.543e+07, s_bytes: 8.65798e+06, s_time: 1.80307e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.18639 New_limit: 3.86616 L: 2.08924 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8963892 duration: 1.475 speed: 6.07721e+06 garbage collected: 7141832 speed: 4.84192e+06 heap limit: 4186392 size before gc: 8963892 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.144418 gc_rate: 5.2727, g_bytes: 6.60767e+06, g_time: 4.57539e+07, s_bytes: 8.64213e+06, s_time: 1.63903e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.91921 New_limit: 3.40171 L: 1.82206 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8845220 duration: 1.642 speed: 5.38686e+06 garbage collected: 6921892 speed: 4.21552e+06 heap limit: 3919212 size before gc: 8845220 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.14445 gc_rate: 5.21336, g_bytes: 6.62844e+06, g_time: 4.58876e+07, s_bytes: 8.55261e+06, s_time: 1.64052e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.02048 New_limit: 3.55567 L: 1.92333 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9128280 duration: 1.634 speed: 5.58646e+06 garbage collected: 7199820 speed: 4.40625e+06 heap limit: 4020480 size before gc: 9128280 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.144753 gc_rate: 5.26053, g_bytes: 6.65727e+06, g_time: 4.59904e+07, s_bytes: 8.61285e+06, s_time: 1.63726e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.02561 New_limit: 3.55734 L: 1.92846 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.143883 gc_rate: 5.26053, g_bytes: 6.5084e+06, g_time: 4.5234e+07, s_bytes: 8.61285e+06, s_time: 1.63726e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.02561 New_limit: 3.55244 L: 1.92846 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8987608 duration: 1.37 speed: 6.5603e+06 garbage collected: 7325868 speed: 5.34735e+06 heap limit: 4025612 size before gc: 8987608 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143234 gc_rate: 5.66368, g_bytes: 6.53593e+06, g_time: 4.5631e+07, s_bytes: 8.51607e+06, s_time: 1.50363e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.75889 New_limit: 3.11132 L: 1.66174 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9125236 duration: 1.4 speed: 6.51803e+06 garbage collected: 7159736 speed: 5.1141e+06 heap limit: 3758892 size before gc: 9125236 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143446 gc_rate: 5.93028, g_bytes: 6.58231e+06, g_time: 4.58872e+07, s_bytes: 8.60967e+06, s_time: 1.45181e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.06265 New_limit: 3.5073 L: 1.9655 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9104068 duration: 1.644 speed: 5.53775e+06 garbage collected: 7075428 speed: 4.30379e+06 heap limit: 4062652 size before gc: 9104068 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143455 gc_rate: 5.54418, g_bytes: 6.61012e+06, g_time: 4.6078e+07, s_bytes: 8.58187e+06, s_time: 1.54791e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.12579 New_limit: 3.64868 L: 2.02864 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9032112 duration: 1.619 speed: 5.57882e+06 garbage collected: 7122160 speed: 4.39911e+06 heap limit: 4125792 size before gc: 9032112 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143399 gc_rate: 5.44025, g_bytes: 6.62979e+06, g_time: 4.62332e+07, s_bytes: 8.61439e+06, s_time: 1.58345e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.0071 New_limit: 3.49652 L: 1.90995 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9074220 duration: 2.376 speed: 3.81912e+06 garbage collected: 7072872 speed: 2.9768e+06 heap limit: 4007104 size before gc: 9074220 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142792 gc_rate: 4.35362, g_bytes: 6.65652e+06, g_time: 4.66167e+07, s_bytes: 8.61897e+06, s_time: 1.97973e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.0985 New_limit: 3.81299 L: 2.00135 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9171648 duration: 2.505 speed: 3.66134e+06 garbage collected: 7369768 speed: 2.94202e+06 heap limit: 4098500 size before gc: 9171648 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142553 gc_rate: 3.10545, g_bytes: 6.68221e+06, g_time: 4.68753e+07, s_bytes: 8.51626e+06, s_time: 2.74236e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.89903 New_limit: 3.83552 L: 1.80188 Additional Memory: 2

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8984316 duration: 1.391 speed: 6.45889e+06 garbage collected: 7159356 speed: 5.14691e+06 heap limit: 3899032 size before gc: 8984316 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142594 gc_rate: 4.15347, g_bytes: 6.70722e+06, g_time: 4.70373e+07, s_bytes: 8.5839e+06, s_time: 2.06668e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.92211 New_limit: 3.59489 L: 1.82496 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8916976 duration: 1.263 speed: 7.06016e+06 garbage collected: 7053536 speed: 5.58475e+06 heap limit: 3922112 size before gc: 8916976 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142472 gc_rate: 5.16175, g_bytes: 6.72646e+06, g_time: 4.72124e+07, s_bytes: 8.59349e+06, s_time: 1.66484e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.96059 New_limit: 3.46709 L: 1.86344 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9195580 duration: 1.565 speed: 5.87577e+06 garbage collected: 7256220 speed: 4.63656e+06 heap limit: 3960592 size before gc: 9195580 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142523 gc_rate: 5.36006, g_bytes: 6.75674e+06, g_time: 4.74081e+07, s_bytes: 8.65607e+06, s_time: 1.61492e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03651 New_limit: 3.54509 L: 1.93936 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9197624 duration: 1.28 speed: 7.18564e+06 garbage collected: 7258744 speed: 5.67089e+06 heap limit: 4036512 size before gc: 9197624 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142992 gc_rate: 6.00386, g_bytes: 6.78182e+06, g_time: 4.7428e+07, s_bytes: 8.69034e+06, s_time: 1.44746e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03603 New_limit: 3.45838 L: 1.93888 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.14276 gc_rate: 6.00386, g_bytes: 6.47825e+06, g_time: 4.53787e+07, s_bytes: 8.69034e+06, s_time: 1.44746e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03603 New_limit: 3.45715 L: 1.93888 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9104960 duration: 1.7 speed: 5.35586e+06 garbage collected: 7320320 speed: 4.30607e+06 heap limit: 4036032 size before gc: 9104960 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143179 gc_rate: 5.44148, g_bytes: 6.51264e+06, g_time: 4.54859e+07, s_bytes: 8.56342e+06, s_time: 1.57373e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.88179 New_limit: 3.31693 L: 1.78464 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9102952 duration: 1.355 speed: 6.71805e+06 garbage collected: 7201432 speed: 5.31471e+06 heap limit: 3881792 size before gc: 9102952 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143516 gc_rate: 5.91037, g_bytes: 6.55292e+06, g_time: 4.56598e+07, s_bytes: 8.65493e+06, s_time: 1.46437e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.99867 New_limit: 3.42094 L: 1.90152 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9188876 duration: 1.407 speed: 6.53083e+06 garbage collected: 7167136 speed: 5.09391e+06 heap limit: 3998672 size before gc: 9188876 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143797 gc_rate: 6.04388, g_bytes: 6.58965e+06, g_time: 4.58259e+07, s_bytes: 8.67709e+06, s_time: 1.43568e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.11889 New_limit: 3.57257 L: 2.02174 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9336100 duration: 2.502 speed: 3.73145e+06 garbage collected: 7161448 speed: 2.86229e+06 heap limit: 4118892 size before gc: 9336100 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143339 gc_rate: 4.40362, g_bytes: 6.62588e+06, g_time: 4.62253e+07, s_bytes: 8.67003e+06, s_time: 1.96884e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.2718 New_limit: 4.05595 L: 2.17465 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9027492 duration: 1.636 speed: 5.51803e+06 garbage collected: 7310056 speed: 4.46825e+06 heap limit: 4271804 size before gc: 9027492 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143577 gc_rate: 4.73552, g_bytes: 6.63723e+06, g_time: 4.62276e+07, s_bytes: 8.5354e+06, s_time: 1.80242e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.81459 New_limit: 3.33099 L: 1.71744 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9102976 duration: 1.259 speed: 7.23032e+06 garbage collected: 7213420 speed: 5.72948e+06 heap limit: 3814588 size before gc: 9102976 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143761 gc_rate: 5.64575, g_bytes: 6.67465e+06, g_time: 4.64287e+07, s_bytes: 8.64201e+06, s_time: 1.53071e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.98671 New_limit: 3.4406 L: 1.88956 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9072032 duration: 1.329 speed: 6.82621e+06 garbage collected: 7178096 speed: 5.40113e+06 heap limit: 3986708 size before gc: 9072032 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143758 gc_rate: 6.07056, g_bytes: 6.70004e+06, g_time: 4.66063e+07, s_bytes: 8.68002e+06, s_time: 1.42986e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.99109 New_limit: 3.39145 L: 1.89394 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8993376 duration: 1.461 speed: 6.15563e+06 garbage collected: 7027000 speed: 4.80972e+06 heap limit: 3991088 size before gc: 8993376 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143708 gc_rate: 5.96799, g_bytes: 6.72001e+06, g_time: 4.67615e+07, s_bytes: 8.62629e+06, s_time: 1.44543e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.06353 New_limit: 3.50504 L: 1.96638 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9038752 duration: 1.376 speed: 6.56886e+06 garbage collected: 7080596 speed: 5.14578e+06 heap limit: 4063528 size before gc: 9038752 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143751 gc_rate: 6.1116, g_bytes: 6.73763e+06, g_time: 4.687e+07, s_bytes: 8.62172e+06, s_time: 1.41071e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.05531 New_limit: 3.47568 L: 1.95816 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.143083 gc_rate: 6.1116, g_bytes: 6.7147e+06, g_time: 4.69286e+07, s_bytes: 8.62172e+06, s_time: 1.41071e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.05531 New_limit: 3.47215 L: 1.95816 Additional Memory: 1

835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8856712 duration: 1.712 speed: 5.17331e+06 garbage collected: 6927116 speed: 4.04621e+06 heap limit: 4055308 size before gc: 8856712 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142853 gc_rate: 5.48578, g_bytes: 6.72389e+06, g_time: 4.70685e+07, s_bytes: 8.56525e+06, s_time: 1.56136e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.02675 New_limit: 3.51465 L: 1.9296 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9039232 duration: 2.058 speed: 4.39224e+06 garbage collected: 6975548 speed: 3.38948e+06 heap limit: 4026748 size before gc: 9039232 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142362 gc_rate: 4.71342, g_bytes: 6.74318e+06, g_time: 4.73664e+07, s_bytes: 8.52978e+06, s_time: 1.80968e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.16084 New_limit: 3.82905 L: 2.06368 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8970480 duration: 1.321 speed: 6.79067e+06 garbage collected: 7152480 speed: 5.41444e+06 heap limit: 4160836 size before gc: 8970480 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142717 gc_rate: 5.48404, g_bytes: 6.75136e+06, g_time: 4.73059e+07, s_bytes: 8.58438e+06, s_time: 1.56534e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.91515 New_limit: 3.35605 L: 1.818 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8994192 duration: 1.66 speed: 5.41819e+06 garbage collected: 6980744 speed: 4.20527e+06 heap limit: 3915152 size before gc: 8994192 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142365 gc_rate: 5.26557, g_bytes: 6.7726e+06, g_time: 4.75721e+07, s_bytes: 8.49162e+06, s_time: 1.61267e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.1106 New_limit: 3.66326 L: 2.01345 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9055840 duration: 1.496 speed: 6.05337e+06 garbage collected: 7032356 speed: 4.70077e+06 heap limit: 4110600 size before gc: 9055840 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.14227 gc_rate: 5.51, g_bytes: 6.78609e+06, g_time: 4.76987e+07, s_bytes: 8.56438e+06, s_time: 1.55433e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.12064 New_limit: 3.63976 L: 2.02348 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8927068 duration: 1.472 speed: 6.06458e+06 garbage collected: 7030948 speed: 4.77646e+06 heap limit: 4120636 size before gc: 8927068 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141942 gc_rate: 5.64293, g_bytes: 6.79197e+06, g_time: 4.78503e+07, s_bytes: 8.5387e+06, s_time: 1.51317e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.99327 New_limit: 3.44038 L: 1.89612 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9165252 duration: 2.155 speed: 4.25302e+06 garbage collected: 6913732 speed: 3.20823e+06 heap limit: 3993272 size before gc: 9165252 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141618 gc_rate: 3.68061, g_bytes: 6.81583e+06, g_time: 4.81283e+07, s_bytes: 8.59086e+06, s_time: 2.33408e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.34867 New_limit: 4.33276 L: 2.25152 Additional Memory: 2

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8890176 duration: 1.907 speed: 4.66186e+06 garbage collected: 6928376 speed: 3.63313e+06 heap limit: 4348672 size before gc: 8890176 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141596 gc_rate: 4.02199, g_bytes: 6.80697e+06, g_time: 4.80731e+07, s_bytes: 8.5288e+06, s_time: 2.12054e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.05895 New_limit: 3.82011 L: 1.9618 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9159932 duration: 1.927 speed: 4.75347e+06 garbage collected: 6914052 speed: 3.58799e+06 heap limit: 4058952 size before gc: 9159932 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141791 gc_rate: 4.21489, g_bytes: 6.82653e+06, g_time: 4.8145e+07, s_bytes: 8.52997e+06, s_time: 2.02377e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.34303 New_limit: 4.18949 L: 2.24588 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8859212 duration: 1.444 speed: 6.13519e+06 garbage collected: 6982192 speed: 4.83531e+06 heap limit: 4343032 size before gc: 8859212 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141942 gc_rate: 4.89321, g_bytes: 6.81587e+06, g_time: 4.80186e+07, s_bytes: 8.48427e+06, s_time: 1.73389e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.97417 New_limit: 3.527 L: 1.87702 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.141054 gc_rate: 4.89321, g_bytes: 6.66758e+06, g_time: 4.72698e+07, s_bytes: 8.48427e+06, s_time: 1.73389e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.97417 New_limit: 3.52183 L: 1.87702 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8801280 duration: 1.246 speed: 7.06363e+06 garbage collected: 6991560 speed: 5.6112e+06 heap limit: 3974172 size before gc: 8801280 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140935 gc_rate: 5.69297, g_bytes: 6.68041e+06, g_time: 4.74006e+07, s_bytes: 8.4822e+06, s_time: 1.48994e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.90687 New_limit: 3.30641 L: 1.80972 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8763360 duration: 1.251 speed: 7.00508e+06 garbage collected: 6947020 speed: 5.55317e+06 heap limit: 3906872 size before gc: 8763360 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140821 gc_rate: 6.17409, g_bytes: 6.69407e+06, g_time: 4.75361e+07, s_bytes: 8.46142e+06, s_time: 1.37047e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.91349 New_limit: 3.25557 L: 1.81634 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9001448 duration: 1.654 speed: 5.44223e+06 garbage collected: 6983156 speed: 4.22198e+06 heap limit: 3913492 size before gc: 9001448 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141 gc_rate: 5.60431, g_bytes: 6.71862e+06, g_time: 4.76497e+07, s_bytes: 8.47504e+06, s_time: 1.51224e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.11544 New_limit: 3.6117 L: 2.01829 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9126816 duration: 2.167 speed: 4.21173e+06 garbage collected: 6923724 speed: 3.19507e+06 heap limit: 4115444 size before gc: 9126816 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140611 gc_rate: 4.61547, g_bytes: 6.73812e+06, g_time: 4.79204e+07, s_bytes: 8.49069e+06, s_time: 1.83962e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.30024 New_limit: 4.035 L: 2.20309 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9026660 duration: 2.119 speed: 4.25987e+06 garbage collected: 7114408 speed: 3.35744e+06 heap limit: 4300244 size before gc: 9026660 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140898 gc_rate: 4.30582, g_bytes: 6.74239e+06, g_time: 4.78531e+07, s_bytes: 8.52255e+06, s_time: 1.97931e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.0094 New_limit: 3.68106 L: 1.91225 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8939124 duration: 1.677 speed: 5.33043e+06 garbage collected: 6903692 speed: 4.11669e+06 heap limit: 4009404 size before gc: 8939124 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140478 gc_rate: 4.63852, g_bytes: 6.75662e+06, g_time: 4.80972e+07, s_bytes: 8.47993e+06, s_time: 1.82815e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.13258 New_limit: 3.79104 L: 2.03543 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8905240 duration: 1.822 speed: 4.88762e+06 garbage collected: 6798956 speed: 3.73159e+06 heap limit: 4132584 size before gc: 8905240 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.14007 gc_rate: 4.62531, g_bytes: 6.76228e+06, g_time: 4.8278e+07, s_bytes: 8.44155e+06, s_time: 1.82508e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.20344 New_limit: 3.89213 L: 2.10628 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9065728 duration: 1.79 speed: 5.06465e+06 garbage collected: 6872396 speed: 3.83933e+06 heap limit: 4203436 size before gc: 9065728 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140535 gc_rate: 4.68704, g_bytes: 6.77213e+06, g_time: 4.81884e+07, s_bytes: 8.47201e+06, s_time: 1.80754e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.29048 New_limit: 4.00667 L: 2.19333 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9066244 duration: 1.704 speed: 5.32057e+06 garbage collected: 6964852 speed: 4.08735e+06 heap limit: 4290484 size before gc: 9066244 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140675 gc_rate: 4.82405, g_bytes: 6.77717e+06, g_time: 4.81761e+07, s_bytes: 8.46991e+06, s_time: 1.75577e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.19854 New_limit: 3.85181 L: 2.10139 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8865956 duration: 1.479 speed: 5.99456e+06 garbage collected: 6963044 speed: 4.70794e+06 heap limit: 4198544 size before gc: 8865956 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140969 gc_rate: 5.25024, g_bytes: 6.77654e+06, g_time: 4.80713e+07, s_bytes: 8.49166e+06, s_time: 1.61738e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.00006 New_limit: 3.50124 L: 1.90291 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.140688 gc_rate: 5.25024, g_bytes: 6.57801e+06, g_time: 4.6756e+07, s_bytes: 8.49166e+06, s_time: 1.61738e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.00006 New_limit: 3.49965 L: 1.90291 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8875888 duration: 1.453 speed: 6.10866e+06 garbage collected: 6917696 speed: 4.76097e+06 heap limit: 4000064 size before gc: 8875888 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140987 gc_rate: 5.51697, g_bytes: 6.59776e+06, g_time: 4.6797e+07, s_bytes: 8.46961e+06, s_time: 1.53519e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.05534 New_limit: 3.53999 L: 1.95819 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8928048 duration: 1.943 speed: 4.59498e+06 garbage collected: 6951876 speed: 3.57791e+06 heap limit: 4055344 size before gc: 8928048 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141076 gc_rate: 4.86296, g_bytes: 6.61637e+06, g_time: 4.68993e+07, s_bytes: 8.45716e+06, s_time: 1.7391e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.07332 New_limit: 3.66924 L: 1.97617 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8972724 duration: 3.252 speed: 2.75914e+06 garbage collected: 6873200 speed: 2.11353e+06 heap limit: 4073324 size before gc: 8972724 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141285 gc_rate: 2.41086, g_bytes: 6.63538e+06, g_time: 4.69646e+07, s_bytes: 8.42728e+06, s_time: 3.49555e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.57984 New_limit: 4.57984 L: 2.09952 Additional Memory: 2

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9016908 duration: 1.282 speed: 7.03347e+06 garbage collected: 7118636 speed: 5.55276e+06 heap limit: 4579840 size before gc: 9016908 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141622 gc_rate: 3.57691, g_bytes: 6.64948e+06, g_time: 4.69522e+07, s_bytes: 8.54442e+06, s_time: 2.38877e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.99542 New_limit: 3.83682 L: 1.89827 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8857488 duration: 1.362 speed: 6.5033e+06 garbage collected: 6909236 speed: 5.07286e+06 heap limit: 3995424 size before gc: 8857488 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.14193 gc_rate: 4.52813, g_bytes: 6.66496e+06, g_time: 4.69596e+07, s_bytes: 8.49199e+06, s_time: 1.87539e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.0454 New_limit: 3.69562 L: 1.94825 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9122724 duration: 1.922 speed: 4.74647e+06 garbage collected: 6872392 speed: 3.57565e+06 heap limit: 4045404 size before gc: 9122724 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142131 gc_rate: 4.47445, g_bytes: 6.69044e+06, g_time: 4.70725e+07, s_bytes: 8.4956e+06, s_time: 1.89869e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.34748 New_limit: 4.14086 L: 2.25033 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8962972 duration: 1.303 speed: 6.87872e+06 garbage collected: 7023380 speed: 5.39016e+06 heap limit: 4347484 size before gc: 8962972 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142433 gc_rate: 5.30312, g_bytes: 6.69155e+06, g_time: 4.69803e+07, s_bytes: 8.48949e+06, s_time: 1.60085e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03674 New_limit: 3.5535 L: 1.93959 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9127548 duration: 1.313 speed: 6.95167e+06 garbage collected: 7192928 speed: 5.47824e+06 heap limit: 4036744 size before gc: 9127548 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142768 gc_rate: 5.88386, g_bytes: 6.71637e+06, g_time: 4.70439e+07, s_bytes: 8.57234e+06, s_time: 1.45692e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03177 New_limit: 3.46665 L: 1.93462 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9135600 duration: 1.447 speed: 6.31348e+06 garbage collected: 7163688 speed: 4.95072e+06 heap limit: 4031772 size before gc: 9135600 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143009 gc_rate: 5.93369, g_bytes: 6.7406e+06, g_time: 4.71342e+07, s_bytes: 8.6155e+06, s_time: 1.45196e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.06906 New_limit: 3.51343 L: 1.97191 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8995548 duration: 1.459 speed: 6.16556e+06 garbage collected: 7044668 speed: 4.82842e+06 heap limit: 4069064 size before gc: 8995548 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143385 gc_rate: 5.90737, g_bytes: 6.75475e+06, g_time: 4.71091e+07, s_bytes: 8.59807e+06, s_time: 1.45548e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.04803 New_limit: 3.48958 L: 1.95088 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.142986 gc_rate: 5.90737, g_bytes: 6.60303e+06, g_time: 4.61795e+07, s_bytes: 8.59807e+06, s_time: 1.45548e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.04803 New_limit: 3.48744 L: 1.95088 Additional Memory: 1

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8887548 duration: 1.399 speed: 6.35279e+06 garbage collected: 6932328 speed: 4.9552e+06 heap limit: 4048032 size before gc: 8887548 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143105 gc_rate: 5.97804, g_bytes: 6.61971e+06, g_time: 4.62578e+07, s_bytes: 8.5321e+06, s_time: 1.42724e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.05237 New_limit: 3.48501 L: 1.95522 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9168864 duration: 1.967 speed: 4.66134e+06 garbage collected: 6878420 speed: 3.49691e+06 heap limit: 4052372 size before gc: 9168864 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143281 gc_rate: 5.03633, g_bytes: 6.64941e+06, g_time: 4.6408e+07, s_bytes: 8.54726e+06, s_time: 1.69712e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.3876 New_limit: 4.09547 L: 2.29044 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9085300 duration: 1.473 speed: 6.16789e+06 garbage collected: 7009344 speed: 4.75855e+06 heap limit: 4387596 size before gc: 9085300 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.14361 gc_rate: 5.37497, g_bytes: 6.65668e+06, g_time: 4.63526e+07, s_bytes: 8.51965e+06, s_time: 1.58506e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.17311 New_limit: 3.74128 L: 2.07596 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9123228 duration: 1.46 speed: 6.24879e+06 garbage collected: 7143868 speed: 4.89306e+06 heap limit: 4173108 size before gc: 9123228 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143925 gc_rate: 5.6624, g_bytes: 6.67621e+06, g_time: 4.63869e+07, s_bytes: 8.62118e+06, s_time: 1.52253e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.07651 New_limit: 3.5654 L: 1.97936 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8983364 duration: 2.28 speed: 3.94007e+06 garbage collected: 7005204 speed: 3.07246e+06 heap limit: 4076512 size before gc: 8983364 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143897 gc_rate: 4.50517, g_bytes: 6.6926e+06, g_time: 4.65098e+07, s_bytes: 8.56553e+06, s_time: 1.90127e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.07531 New_limit: 3.75556 L: 1.97816 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8891504 duration: 1.314 speed: 6.76675e+06 garbage collected: 6959956 speed: 5.29677e+06 heap limit: 4075312 size before gc: 8891504 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.144074 gc_rate: 5.2853, g_bytes: 6.70364e+06, g_time: 4.65292e+07, s_bytes: 8.49681e+06, s_time: 1.60763e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.0287 New_limit: 3.55409 L: 1.93155 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8979264 duration: 1.294 speed: 6.93915e+06 garbage collected: 7042896 speed: 5.44273e+06 heap limit: 4028700 size before gc: 8979264 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.144237 gc_rate: 5.89871, g_bytes: 6.72084e+06, g_time: 4.65959e+07, s_bytes: 8.55794e+06, s_time: 1.45082e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03352 New_limit: 3.47501 L: 1.93637 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8830832 duration: 1.414 speed: 6.24528e+06 garbage collected: 6928604 speed: 4.9e+06 heap limit: 4033520 size before gc: 8830832 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.144476 gc_rate: 5.94441, g_bytes: 6.72952e+06, g_time: 4.65788e+07, s_bytes: 8.51482e+06, s_time: 1.43241e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.99938 New_limit: 3.42263 L: 1.90223 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8871708 duration: 1.217 speed: 7.28982e+06 garbage collected: 6971600 speed: 5.72851e+06 heap limit: 3999380 size before gc: 8871708 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.144491 gc_rate: 6.43046, g_bytes: 6.74152e+06, g_time: 4.66572e+07, s_bytes: 8.51845e+06, s_time: 1.3247e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.99726 New_limit: 3.36118 L: 1.90011 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9168940 duration: 1.399 speed: 6.55392e+06 garbage collected: 7266292 speed: 5.19392e+06 heap limit: 3997260 size before gc: 9168940 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.144925 gc_rate: 6.36182, g_bytes: 6.76789e+06, g_time: 4.66992e+07, s_bytes: 8.66385e+06, s_time: 1.36185e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.9998 New_limit: 3.37478 L: 1.90265 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.143338 gc_rate: 6.36182, g_bytes: 6.6352e+06, g_time: 4.62905e+07, s_bytes: 8.66385e+06, s_time: 1.36185e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.9998 New_limit: 3.36669 L: 1.90265 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8981816 duration: 2.144 speed: 4.18928e+06 garbage collected: 6904588 speed: 3.22042e+06 heap limit: 3999800 size before gc: 8981816 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142665 gc_rate: 4.8937, g_bytes: 6.6574e+06, g_time: 4.66645e+07, s_bytes: 8.5783e+06, s_time: 1.75293e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.17438 New_limit: 3.8173 L: 2.07723 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8915288 duration: 1.606 speed: 5.55124e+06 garbage collected: 6978060 speed: 4.34499e+06 heap limit: 4174380 size before gc: 8915288 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141943 gc_rate: 5.10301, g_bytes: 6.66643e+06, g_time: 4.69654e+07, s_bytes: 8.57032e+06, s_time: 1.67946e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03438 New_limit: 3.57865 L: 1.93723 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8923716 duration: 1.368 speed: 6.52318e+06 garbage collected: 6982588 speed: 5.10423e+06 heap limit: 4034380 size before gc: 8923716 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141889 gc_rate: 5.6264, g_bytes: 6.68244e+06, g_time: 4.70962e+07, s_bytes: 8.57312e+06, s_time: 1.52373e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03828 New_limit: 3.50561 L: 1.94113 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9100132 duration: 1.984 speed: 4.58676e+06 garbage collected: 6848244 speed: 3.45174e+06 heap limit: 4038280 size before gc: 9100132 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141954 gc_rate: 4.85923, g_bytes: 6.70626e+06, g_time: 4.72424e+07, s_bytes: 8.52243e+06, s_time: 1.75387e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.34904 New_limit: 4.06552 L: 2.25189 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8953716 duration: 2.004 speed: 4.46792e+06 garbage collected: 7288288 speed: 3.63687e+06 heap limit: 4349040 size before gc: 8953716 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141564 gc_rate: 4.50213, g_bytes: 6.70604e+06, g_time: 4.7371e+07, s_bytes: 8.45921e+06, s_time: 1.87893e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.76258 New_limit: 3.28356 L: 1.66543 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8953412 duration: 1.67 speed: 5.36132e+06 garbage collected: 7015904 speed: 4.20114e+06 heap limit: 3762580 size before gc: 8953412 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.14143 gc_rate: 4.77984, g_bytes: 6.73514e+06, g_time: 4.76218e+07, s_bytes: 8.48166e+06, s_time: 1.77447e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03466 New_limit: 3.63056 L: 1.93751 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9053092 duration: 1.307 speed: 6.92662e+06 garbage collected: 7110624 speed: 5.44042e+06 heap limit: 4034660 size before gc: 9053092 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141529 gc_rate: 5.53909, g_bytes: 6.75416e+06, g_time: 4.77228e+07, s_bytes: 8.53425e+06, s_time: 1.54073e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03962 New_limit: 3.51778 L: 1.94247 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9157132 duration: 1.645 speed: 5.56665e+06 garbage collected: 7220604 speed: 4.38942e+06 heap limit: 4039620 size before gc: 9157132 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141784 gc_rate: 5.40227, g_bytes: 6.77719e+06, g_time: 4.77994e+07, s_bytes: 8.6051e+06, s_time: 1.59287e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03368 New_limit: 3.53065 L: 1.93653 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8982972 duration: 1.423 speed: 6.3127e+06 garbage collected: 7067140 speed: 4.96637e+06 heap limit: 4033680 size before gc: 8982972 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141317 gc_rate: 5.70538, g_bytes: 6.79065e+06, g_time: 4.80527e+07, s_bytes: 8.60333e+06, s_time: 1.50793e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.01298 New_limit: 3.45618 L: 1.91583 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8901592 duration: 1.245 speed: 7.14987e+06 garbage collected: 7077204 speed: 5.6845e+06 heap limit: 4012984 size before gc: 8901592 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140781 gc_rate: 6.23521, g_bytes: 6.80041e+06, g_time: 4.83047e+07, s_bytes: 8.58256e+06, s_time: 1.37647e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.92154 New_limit: 3.25951 L: 1.82439 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.140126 gc_rate: 6.23521, g_bytes: 6.49414e+06, g_time: 4.63451e+07, s_bytes: 8.58256e+06, s_time: 1.37647e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.92154 New_limit: 3.25617 L: 1.82439 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8978896 duration: 1.412 speed: 6.35899e+06 garbage collected: 6992640 speed: 4.95229e+06 heap limit: 3921540 size before gc: 8978896 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140354 gc_rate: 6.13231, g_bytes: 6.52716e+06, g_time: 4.65051e+07, s_bytes: 8.54988e+06, s_time: 1.39423e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.08341 New_limit: 3.49391 L: 1.98626 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9004860 duration: 1.889 speed: 4.767e+06 garbage collected: 6859116 speed: 3.63108e+06 heap limit: 4083408 size before gc: 9004860 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140596 gc_rate: 5.17219, g_bytes: 6.55173e+06, g_time: 4.65997e+07, s_bytes: 8.49075e+06, s_time: 1.64162e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.2429 New_limit: 3.85349 L: 2.14574 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8977436 duration: 1.207 speed: 7.43781e+06 garbage collected: 7122288 speed: 5.90082e+06 heap limit: 4242896 size before gc: 8977436 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141034 gc_rate: 6.03766, g_bytes: 6.56573e+06, g_time: 4.65544e+07, s_bytes: 8.59948e+06, s_time: 1.42431e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.9523 New_limit: 3.32713 L: 1.85515 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9238152 duration: 1.244 speed: 7.42617e+06 garbage collected: 7275584 speed: 5.84854e+06 heap limit: 3952300 size before gc: 9238152 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141376 gc_rate: 6.51459, g_bytes: 6.60659e+06, g_time: 4.67307e+07, s_bytes: 8.69147e+06, s_time: 1.33415e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.05972 New_limit: 3.42186 L: 1.96257 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8774944 duration: 2.175 speed: 4.03446e+06 garbage collected: 6858876 speed: 3.15351e+06 heap limit: 4059720 size before gc: 8774944 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140566 gc_rate: 4.88266, g_bytes: 6.61688e+06, g_time: 4.70731e+07, s_bytes: 8.567e+06, s_time: 1.75458e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.01322 New_limit: 3.57681 L: 1.91607 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8912032 duration: 1.878 speed: 4.74549e+06 garbage collected: 7011724 speed: 3.73361e+06 heap limit: 4013220 size before gc: 8912032 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140701 gc_rate: 3.69611, g_bytes: 6.63584e+06, g_time: 4.71627e+07, s_bytes: 8.56126e+06, s_time: 2.31629e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.99746 New_limit: 3.80214 L: 1.90031 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9170632 duration: 1.532 speed: 5.98605e+06 garbage collected: 7207924 speed: 4.70491e+06 heap limit: 3997460 size before gc: 9170632 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140317 gc_rate: 4.49783, g_bytes: 6.66756e+06, g_time: 4.7518e+07, s_bytes: 8.65448e+06, s_time: 1.92414e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.05986 New_limit: 3.71242 L: 1.96271 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8984316 duration: 1.78 speed: 5.04737e+06 garbage collected: 6788108 speed: 3.81354e+06 heap limit: 4059860 size before gc: 8984316 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140401 gc_rate: 4.60976, g_bytes: 6.68526e+06, g_time: 4.76153e+07, s_bytes: 8.53761e+06, s_time: 1.85207e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.29336 New_limit: 4.02502 L: 2.19621 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8762860 duration: 1.437 speed: 6.09802e+06 garbage collected: 6951432 speed: 4.83746e+06 heap limit: 4293360 size before gc: 8762860 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140423 gc_rate: 5.15842, g_bytes: 6.67933e+06, g_time: 4.75657e+07, s_bytes: 8.48321e+06, s_time: 1.64454e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.90858 New_limit: 3.38164 L: 1.81143 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.139609 gc_rate: 5.15842, g_bytes: 6.64438e+06, g_time: 4.75928e+07, s_bytes: 8.48321e+06, s_time: 1.64454e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.90858 New_limit: 3.37707 L: 1.81143 Additional Memory: 1

835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9032704 duration: 2.388 speed: 3.78254e+06 garbage collected: 7110904 speed: 2.97777e+06 heap limit: 3908580 size before gc: 9032704 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.139978 gc_rate: 4.24955, g_bytes: 6.67322e+06, g_time: 4.76734e+07, s_bytes: 8.56822e+06, s_time: 2.01627e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.01895 New_limit: 3.70089 L: 1.9218 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9061580 duration: 1.572 speed: 5.76436e+06 garbage collected: 7146668 speed: 4.54623e+06 heap limit: 4018952 size before gc: 9061580 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.139818 gc_rate: 4.80058, g_bytes: 6.69655e+06, g_time: 4.78948e+07, s_bytes: 8.61288e+06, s_time: 1.79413e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.01206 New_limit: 3.58483 L: 1.91491 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9093200 duration: 1.346 speed: 6.75572e+06 garbage collected: 7222512 speed: 5.36591e+06 heap limit: 4012064 size before gc: 9093200 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140347 gc_rate: 5.51188, g_bytes: 6.72064e+06, g_time: 4.78858e+07, s_bytes: 8.65403e+06, s_time: 1.57007e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.96784 New_limit: 3.41394 L: 1.87069 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9158496 duration: 1.71 speed: 5.35585e+06 garbage collected: 7138288 speed: 4.17444e+06 heap limit: 3967840 size before gc: 9158496 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140672 gc_rate: 5.24443, g_bytes: 6.74899e+06, g_time: 4.79769e+07, s_bytes: 8.60104e+06, s_time: 1.64003e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.11736 New_limit: 3.66624 L: 2.02021 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9224752 duration: 1.451 speed: 6.35751e+06 garbage collected: 7266924 speed: 5.00822e+06 heap limit: 4117360 size before gc: 9224752 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140138 gc_rate: 5.63194, g_bytes: 6.77177e+06, g_time: 4.83223e+07, s_bytes: 8.70426e+06, s_time: 1.54552e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.05498 New_limit: 3.51853 L: 1.95783 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8972516 duration: 2.04 speed: 4.39829e+06 garbage collected: 6944948 speed: 3.40439e+06 heap limit: 4054980 size before gc: 8972516 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140227 gc_rate: 4.77811, g_bytes: 6.78392e+06, g_time: 4.83781e+07, s_bytes: 8.566e+06, s_time: 1.79276e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.12472 New_limit: 3.75245 L: 2.02757 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9071824 duration: 1.507 speed: 6.01979e+06 garbage collected: 7128196 speed: 4.73006e+06 heap limit: 4124720 size before gc: 9071824 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.139909 gc_rate: 5.2067, g_bytes: 6.79693e+06, g_time: 4.85811e+07, s_bytes: 8.59042e+06, s_time: 1.64988e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.04078 New_limit: 3.5596 L: 1.94363 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8919080 duration: 1.584 speed: 5.63073e+06 garbage collected: 6971712 speed: 4.40133e+06 heap limit: 4040780 size before gc: 8919080 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140071 gc_rate: 5.28728, g_bytes: 6.80586e+06, g_time: 4.85887e+07, s_bytes: 8.54922e+06, s_time: 1.61694e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.04452 New_limit: 3.55344 L: 1.94737 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9046608 duration: 2.222 speed: 4.07138e+06 garbage collected: 7016700 speed: 3.15783e+06 heap limit: 4044520 size before gc: 9046608 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.139734 gc_rate: 3.52361, g_bytes: 6.82053e+06, g_time: 4.88109e+07, s_bytes: 8.52526e+06, s_time: 2.41947e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.12706 New_limit: 4.03613 L: 2.02991 Additional Memory: 2

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9038336 duration: 1.286 speed: 7.02825e+06 garbage collected: 7219328 speed: 5.61379e+06 heap limit: 4127060 size before gc: 9038336 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140204 gc_rate: 4.64962, g_bytes: 6.82992e+06, g_time: 4.87142e+07, s_bytes: 8.61451e+06, s_time: 1.85273e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.91616 New_limit: 3.47506 L: 1.81901 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.139388 gc_rate: 4.64962, g_bytes: 6.63849e+06, g_time: 4.76261e+07, s_bytes: 8.61451e+06, s_time: 1.85273e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.91616 New_limit: 3.47023 L: 1.81901 Additional Memory: 1

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8911844 duration: 1.876 speed: 4.75045e+06 garbage collected: 6914404 speed: 3.68572e+06 heap limit: 3916160 size before gc: 8911844 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.13887 gc_rate: 4.5835, g_bytes: 6.6612e+06, g_time: 4.79673e+07, s_bytes: 8.54533e+06, s_time: 1.86437e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.09459 New_limit: 3.73695 L: 1.99744 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8890948 duration: 2.253 speed: 3.94627e+06 garbage collected: 6954800 speed: 3.08691e+06 heap limit: 4094592 size before gc: 8890948 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.138611 gc_rate: 4.12533, g_bytes: 6.67282e+06, g_time: 4.81405e+07, s_bytes: 8.49276e+06, s_time: 2.05868e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.0333 New_limit: 3.73968 L: 1.93615 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9051428 duration: 1.374 speed: 6.58765e+06 garbage collected: 7229200 speed: 5.26143e+06 heap limit: 4033300 size before gc: 9051428 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.137363 gc_rate: 5.01353, g_bytes: 6.69494e+06, g_time: 4.87392e+07, s_bytes: 8.60493e+06, s_time: 1.71634e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.91938 New_limit: 3.4022 L: 1.82223 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8906672 duration: 1.693 speed: 5.26088e+06 garbage collected: 6968744 speed: 4.11621e+06 heap limit: 3919380 size before gc: 8906672 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.137071 gc_rate: 5.00006, g_bytes: 6.71442e+06, g_time: 4.89848e+07, s_bytes: 8.52346e+06, s_time: 1.70467e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03508 New_limit: 3.56775 L: 1.93793 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8898048 duration: 1.289 speed: 6.90306e+06 garbage collected: 7084600 speed: 5.4962e+06 heap limit: 4035080 size before gc: 8898048 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.137287 gc_rate: 5.70649, g_bytes: 6.7267e+06, g_time: 4.89974e+07, s_bytes: 8.54167e+06, s_time: 1.49684e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.9106 New_limit: 3.2904 L: 1.81345 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8750576 duration: 1.41 speed: 6.20608e+06 garbage collected: 6931528 speed: 4.91598e+06 heap limit: 3910600 size before gc: 8750576 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.137526 gc_rate: 5.83847, g_bytes: 6.73722e+06, g_time: 4.89887e+07, s_bytes: 8.48573e+06, s_time: 1.45342e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.9162 New_limit: 3.28274 L: 1.81905 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8896432 duration: 1.256 speed: 7.08315e+06 garbage collected: 7072444 speed: 5.63093e+06 heap limit: 3916200 size before gc: 8896432 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.137396 gc_rate: 6.29055, g_bytes: 6.75423e+06, g_time: 4.9159e+07, s_bytes: 8.52186e+06, s_time: 1.35471e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.92114 New_limit: 3.23535 L: 1.82399 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9057820 duration: 1.266 speed: 7.15468e+06 garbage collected: 7115492 speed: 5.62045e+06 heap limit: 3921140 size before gc: 9057820 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.137342 gc_rate: 6.53185, g_bytes: 6.77821e+06, g_time: 4.93528e+07, s_bytes: 8.55904e+06, s_time: 1.31035e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03948 New_limit: 3.37132 L: 1.94233 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9130956 duration: 1.527 speed: 5.97967e+06 garbage collected: 7190868 speed: 4.70915e+06 heap limit: 4039480 size before gc: 9130956 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.137152 gc_rate: 6.0735, g_bytes: 6.79873e+06, g_time: 4.95708e+07, s_bytes: 8.61633e+06, s_time: 1.41868e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03724 New_limit: 3.42014 L: 1.94009 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.136945 gc_rate: 6.0735, g_bytes: 6.69704e+06, g_time: 4.8903e+07, s_bytes: 8.61633e+06, s_time: 1.41868e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03724 New_limit: 3.41902 L: 1.94009 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8996696 duration: 1.887 speed: 4.76772e+06 garbage collected: 7062696 speed: 3.74282e+06 heap limit: 4037240 size before gc: 8996696 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.137294 gc_rate: 5.22139, g_bytes: 6.71502e+06, g_time: 4.89099e+07, s_bytes: 8.63011e+06, s_time: 1.65284e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03115 New_limit: 3.52858 L: 1.934 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9209376 duration: 2.103 speed: 4.37916e+06 garbage collected: 7406888 speed: 3.52206e+06 heap limit: 4031152 size before gc: 9209376 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.138078 gc_rate: 3.59178, g_bytes: 6.74304e+06, g_time: 4.8835e+07, s_bytes: 8.54096e+06, s_time: 2.37792e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.89964 New_limit: 3.66384 L: 1.80249 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8952692 duration: 1.482 speed: 6.04095e+06 garbage collected: 7154544 speed: 4.82763e+06 heap limit: 3899640 size before gc: 8952692 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.137881 gc_rate: 4.39987, g_bytes: 6.76339e+06, g_time: 4.90525e+07, s_bytes: 8.49157e+06, s_time: 1.92996e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.8953 New_limit: 3.47668 L: 1.79815 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8802232 duration: 1.535 speed: 5.73435e+06 garbage collected: 6918284 speed: 4.50703e+06 heap limit: 3895300 size before gc: 8802232 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.138193 gc_rate: 4.87888, g_bytes: 6.77543e+06, g_time: 4.90289e+07, s_bytes: 8.45256e+06, s_time: 1.73248e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.9811 New_limit: 3.51738 L: 1.88395 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8880220 duration: 1.273 speed: 6.97582e+06 garbage collected: 7057272 speed: 5.54381e+06 heap limit: 3981100 size before gc: 8880220 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.138393 gc_rate: 5.65578, g_bytes: 6.78647e+06, g_time: 4.90376e+07, s_bytes: 8.49917e+06, s_time: 1.50274e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.9201 New_limit: 3.31637 L: 1.82295 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8823260 duration: 1.579 speed: 5.58788e+06 garbage collected: 6961284 speed: 4.40867e+06 heap limit: 3920100 size before gc: 8823260 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.138655 gc_rate: 5.5192, g_bytes: 6.79716e+06, g_time: 4.90222e+07, s_bytes: 8.50437e+06, s_time: 1.54087e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.95913 New_limit: 3.39131 L: 1.86198 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9069148 duration: 1.999 speed: 4.53684e+06 garbage collected: 7243480 speed: 3.62355e+06 heap limit: 3959128 size before gc: 9069148 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.138471 gc_rate: 4.87119, g_bytes: 6.81766e+06, g_time: 4.92353e+07, s_bytes: 8.6217e+06, s_time: 1.76993e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.92282 New_limit: 3.43653 L: 1.82567 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9030616 duration: 2.238 speed: 4.03513e+06 garbage collected: 7012668 speed: 3.13345e+06 heap limit: 3922820 size before gc: 9030616 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.138205 gc_rate: 3.40727, g_bytes: 6.83703e+06, g_time: 4.94702e+07, s_bytes: 8.5317e+06, s_time: 2.50397e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.1151 New_limit: 4.04096 L: 2.01795 Additional Memory: 2

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8990948 duration: 1.867 speed: 4.81572e+06 garbage collected: 7066956 speed: 3.78519e+06 heap limit: 4115100 size before gc: 8990948 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.137899 gc_rate: 3.92781, g_bytes: 6.84383e+06, g_time: 4.96292e+07, s_bytes: 8.58417e+06, s_time: 2.18548e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.02114 New_limit: 3.76176 L: 1.92399 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9164636 duration: 1.658 speed: 5.52752e+06 garbage collected: 7173416 speed: 4.32655e+06 heap limit: 4021144 size before gc: 9164636 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.138463 gc_rate: 4.50832, g_bytes: 6.86367e+06, g_time: 4.95703e+07, s_bytes: 8.66383e+06, s_time: 1.92174e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.08837 New_limit: 3.73988 L: 1.99122 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.13837 gc_rate: 4.50832, g_bytes: 6.61441e+06, g_time: 4.78025e+07, s_bytes: 8.66383e+06, s_time: 1.92174e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.08837 New_limit: 3.73928 L: 1.99122 Additional Memory: 1

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9037056 duration: 2.055 speed: 4.39759e+06 garbage collected: 7010328 speed: 3.41135e+06 heap limit: 4088372 size before gc: 9037056 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.138634 gc_rate: 4.31436, g_bytes: 6.63598e+06, g_time: 4.78668e+07, s_bytes: 8.57855e+06, s_time: 1.98837e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.12388 New_limit: 3.83124 L: 2.02673 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8993584 duration: 1.451 speed: 6.1982e+06 garbage collected: 7119156 speed: 4.90638e+06 heap limit: 4123880 size before gc: 8993584 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.139034 gc_rate: 4.99525, g_bytes: 6.65253e+06, g_time: 4.78483e+07, s_bytes: 8.59026e+06, s_time: 1.71969e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.97158 New_limit: 3.48953 L: 1.87443 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8913060 duration: 1.354 speed: 6.58276e+06 garbage collected: 6974532 speed: 5.15106e+06 heap limit: 3971580 size before gc: 8913060 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.138787 gc_rate: 5.54461, g_bytes: 6.67183e+06, g_time: 4.80726e+07, s_bytes: 8.5212e+06, s_time: 1.53684e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03568 New_limit: 3.49614 L: 1.93853 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8783828 duration: 1.564 speed: 5.61626e+06 garbage collected: 6860316 speed: 4.38639e+06 heap limit: 4035680 size before gc: 8783828 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.138711 gc_rate: 5.46779, g_bytes: 6.6805e+06, g_time: 4.81612e+07, s_bytes: 8.47738e+06, s_time: 1.55042e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.02066 New_limit: 3.48552 L: 1.92351 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9164884 duration: 2.18 speed: 4.20408e+06 garbage collected: 7362696 speed: 3.37738e+06 heap limit: 4020664 size before gc: 9164884 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.139436 gc_rate: 4.52594, g_bytes: 6.70855e+06, g_time: 4.81121e+07, s_bytes: 8.44182e+06, s_time: 1.86521e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.89934 New_limit: 3.46835 L: 1.80219 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9216156 duration: 1.643 speed: 5.60935e+06 garbage collected: 7045316 speed: 4.28808e+06 heap limit: 3899340 size before gc: 9216156 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.139603 gc_rate: 4.85789, g_bytes: 6.74382e+06, g_time: 4.8307e+07, s_bytes: 8.52125e+06, s_time: 1.75411e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.26799 New_limit: 3.93697 L: 2.17084 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8892000 duration: 1.527 speed: 5.82318e+06 garbage collected: 6949472 speed: 4.55106e+06 heap limit: 4267992 size before gc: 8892000 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.139325 gc_rate: 5.16243, g_bytes: 6.74269e+06, g_time: 4.83954e+07, s_bytes: 8.46924e+06, s_time: 1.64055e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03968 New_limit: 3.56156 L: 1.94253 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8828976 duration: 1.274 speed: 6.93012e+06 garbage collected: 7003608 speed: 5.49734e+06 heap limit: 4039680 size before gc: 8828976 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.139588 gc_rate: 5.82173, g_bytes: 6.74987e+06, g_time: 4.83557e+07, s_bytes: 8.48388e+06, s_time: 1.45728e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.92252 New_limit: 3.30467 L: 1.82537 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8813616 duration: 1.973 speed: 4.46711e+06 garbage collected: 6957716 speed: 3.52647e+06 heap limit: 3922520 size before gc: 8813616 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.138794 gc_rate: 4.94585, g_bytes: 6.76179e+06, g_time: 4.87181e+07, s_bytes: 8.48281e+06, s_time: 1.71514e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.95305 New_limit: 3.46962 L: 1.8559 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.137776 gc_rate: 4.94585, g_bytes: 6.7075e+06, g_time: 4.86842e+07, s_bytes: 8.48281e+06, s_time: 1.71514e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.95305 New_limit: 3.46368 L: 1.8559 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9092800 duration: 1.442 speed: 6.30569e+06 garbage collected: 7159552 speed: 4.96502e+06 heap limit: 3953052 size before gc: 9092800 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.137668 gc_rate: 5.42308, g_bytes: 6.73397e+06, g_time: 4.89147e+07, s_bytes: 8.56071e+06, s_time: 1.57857e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.0304 New_limit: 3.49972 L: 1.93325 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8905820 duration: 1.361 speed: 6.54359e+06 garbage collected: 7003972 speed: 5.1462e+06 heap limit: 4030400 size before gc: 8905820 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.138033 gc_rate: 5.81954, g_bytes: 6.7459e+06, g_time: 4.88718e+07, s_bytes: 8.55347e+06, s_time: 1.46978e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.999 New_limit: 3.40367 L: 1.90185 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8979236 duration: 1.598 speed: 5.61905e+06 garbage collected: 7117088 speed: 4.45375e+06 heap limit: 3999000 size before gc: 8979236 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.138601 gc_rate: 5.52978, g_bytes: 6.76247e+06, g_time: 4.8791e+07, s_bytes: 8.48208e+06, s_time: 1.53389e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.9593 New_limit: 3.38979 L: 1.86215 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9064508 duration: 1.31 speed: 6.91947e+06 garbage collected: 7235860 speed: 5.52356e+06 heap limit: 3959300 size before gc: 9064508 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.138475 gc_rate: 6.05574, g_bytes: 6.78447e+06, g_time: 4.89943e+07, s_bytes: 8.61093e+06, s_time: 1.42195e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.9258 New_limit: 3.27459 L: 1.82865 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9017508 duration: 2.053 speed: 4.39236e+06 garbage collected: 7310540 speed: 3.56091e+06 heap limit: 3925800 size before gc: 9017508 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.138503 gc_rate: 4.8979, g_bytes: 6.80469e+06, g_time: 4.91302e+07, s_bytes: 8.50997e+06, s_time: 1.73747e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.80412 New_limit: 3.26051 L: 1.70697 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9001032 duration: 1.413 speed: 6.37016e+06 garbage collected: 7042124 speed: 4.98381e+06 heap limit: 3804120 size before gc: 9001032 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.138861 gc_rate: 5.42452, g_bytes: 6.82916e+06, g_time: 4.91797e+07, s_bytes: 8.54491e+06, s_time: 1.57524e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.05606 New_limit: 3.54235 L: 1.95891 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8775504 duration: 1.601 speed: 5.48126e+06 garbage collected: 6841080 speed: 4.273e+06 heap limit: 4056060 size before gc: 8775504 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.13901 gc_rate: 5.34376, g_bytes: 6.82853e+06, g_time: 4.91227e+07, s_bytes: 8.48652e+06, s_time: 1.58812e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03158 New_limit: 3.52063 L: 1.93442 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8874560 duration: 2.253 speed: 3.939e+06 garbage collected: 6938976 speed: 3.07988e+06 heap limit: 4031576 size before gc: 8874560 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.138532 gc_rate: 4.42874, g_bytes: 6.83411e+06, g_time: 4.93323e+07, s_bytes: 8.50565e+06, s_time: 1.92056e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03274 New_limit: 3.67549 L: 1.93558 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8867856 duration: 1.877 speed: 4.72448e+06 garbage collected: 6891072 speed: 3.67132e+06 heap limit: 4032736 size before gc: 8867856 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.138753 gc_rate: 4.48188, g_bytes: 6.83902e+06, g_time: 4.92893e+07, s_bytes: 8.5101e+06, s_time: 1.89878e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.07394 New_limit: 3.72605 L: 1.97678 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8935272 duration: 1.762 speed: 5.0711e+06 garbage collected: 6885728 speed: 3.9079e+06 heap limit: 4073936 size before gc: 8935272 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.139051 gc_rate: 4.61753, g_bytes: 6.84499e+06, g_time: 4.92265e+07, s_bytes: 8.45188e+06, s_time: 1.83039e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.1467 New_limit: 3.80624 L: 2.04954 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.138923 gc_rate: 4.61753, g_bytes: 6.70711e+06, g_time: 4.82792e+07, s_bytes: 8.45188e+06, s_time: 1.83039e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.1467 New_limit: 3.80543 L: 2.04954 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8817244 duration: 1.484 speed: 5.94154e+06 garbage collected: 6851548 speed: 4.61695e+06 heap limit: 4146696 size before gc: 8817244 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.139296 gc_rate: 5.0835, g_bytes: 6.71014e+06, g_time: 4.8172e+07, s_bytes: 8.42435e+06, s_time: 1.65719e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.06285 New_limit: 3.60678 L: 1.9657 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9159796 duration: 2.398 speed: 3.81976e+06 garbage collected: 7005552 speed: 2.92141e+06 heap limit: 4062848 size before gc: 9159796 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.139543 gc_rate: 3.34502, g_bytes: 6.73434e+06, g_time: 4.82599e+07, s_bytes: 8.45487e+06, s_time: 2.5276e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.274 New_limit: 4.274 L: 2.15424 Additional Memory: 2

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9084336 duration: 1.953 speed: 4.65148e+06 garbage collected: 7142312 speed: 3.6571e+06 heap limit: 4274005 size before gc: 9084336 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.13919 gc_rate: 3.81497, g_bytes: 6.74412e+06, g_time: 4.84527e+07, s_bytes: 8.54668e+06, s_time: 2.2403e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03918 New_limit: 3.82424 L: 1.94202 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9078844 duration: 1.369 speed: 6.63173e+06 garbage collected: 7260540 speed: 5.30354e+06 heap limit: 4039176 size before gc: 9078844 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.13956 gc_rate: 4.79192, g_bytes: 6.76376e+06, g_time: 4.84649e+07, s_bytes: 8.64774e+06, s_time: 1.80465e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.91546 New_limit: 3.44551 L: 1.8183 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9023176 duration: 1.364 speed: 6.61523e+06 garbage collected: 7082452 speed: 5.19241e+06 heap limit: 3915456 size before gc: 9023176 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.139988 gc_rate: 5.42441, g_bytes: 6.78582e+06, g_time: 4.84743e+07, s_bytes: 8.59403e+06, s_time: 1.58432e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03788 New_limit: 3.52319 L: 1.94072 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9242392 duration: 1.283 speed: 7.20374e+06 garbage collected: 7306828 speed: 5.69511e+06 heap limit: 4037876 size before gc: 9242392 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140343 gc_rate: 6.06134, g_bytes: 6.81161e+06, g_time: 4.85353e+07, s_bytes: 8.68992e+06, s_time: 1.43366e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03272 New_limit: 3.43249 L: 1.93556 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9131240 duration: 2.084 speed: 4.38159e+06 garbage collected: 7122728 speed: 3.41782e+06 heap limit: 4032716 size before gc: 9131240 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140584 gc_rate: 3.85489, g_bytes: 6.83081e+06, g_time: 4.85887e+07, s_bytes: 8.70754e+06, s_time: 2.25883e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.10566 New_limit: 3.92226 L: 2.00851 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9149604 duration: 2.164 speed: 4.2281e+06 garbage collected: 6857192 speed: 3.16876e+06 heap limit: 4105664 size before gc: 9149604 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140812 gc_rate: 3.90036, g_bytes: 6.84633e+06, g_time: 4.86203e+07, s_bytes: 8.62533e+06, s_time: 2.21142e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.38956 New_limit: 4.32664 L: 2.29241 Additional Memory: 2

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9049632 duration: 1.387 speed: 6.52461e+06 garbage collected: 7175128 speed: 5.17313e+06 heap limit: 4389564 size before gc: 9049632 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140605 gc_rate: 4.80263, g_bytes: 6.84187e+06, g_time: 4.86602e+07, s_bytes: 8.64094e+06, s_time: 1.79921e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.97166 New_limit: 3.53099 L: 1.8745 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9084660 duration: 1.733 speed: 5.24216e+06 garbage collected: 7146556 speed: 4.12381e+06 heap limit: 3971656 size before gc: 9084660 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.14083 gc_rate: 4.88768, g_bytes: 6.86028e+06, g_time: 4.87133e+07, s_bytes: 8.63216e+06, s_time: 1.7661e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03526 New_limit: 3.60908 L: 1.9381 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.140543 gc_rate: 4.88768, g_bytes: 6.64425e+06, g_time: 4.72755e+07, s_bytes: 8.63216e+06, s_time: 1.7661e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03526 New_limit: 3.60738 L: 1.9381 Additional Memory: 1

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9106672 duration: 1.212 speed: 7.51376e+06 garbage collected: 7087388 speed: 5.84768e+06 heap limit: 4035256 size before gc: 9106672 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140869 gc_rate: 5.79333, g_bytes: 6.67047e+06, g_time: 4.73523e+07, s_bytes: 8.62657e+06, s_time: 1.48905e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.11644 New_limit: 3.58613 L: 2.01928 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9156104 duration: 2.057 speed: 4.45119e+06 garbage collected: 7126900 speed: 3.46471e+06 heap limit: 4116436 size before gc: 9156104 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140048 gc_rate: 4.86124, g_bytes: 6.69379e+06, g_time: 4.77963e+07, s_bytes: 8.6191e+06, s_time: 1.77303e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.12636 New_limit: 3.73888 L: 2.0292 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8867208 duration: 1.279 speed: 6.93292e+06 garbage collected: 7041184 speed: 5.50523e+06 heap limit: 4126356 size before gc: 8867208 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.13956 gc_rate: 5.61993, g_bytes: 6.701e+06, g_time: 4.80152e+07, s_bytes: 8.57608e+06, s_time: 1.52601e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.92318 New_limit: 3.33177 L: 1.82602 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9155240 duration: 1.331 speed: 6.87847e+06 garbage collected: 7190796 speed: 5.40255e+06 heap limit: 3923176 size before gc: 9155240 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.139948 gc_rate: 6.02624, g_bytes: 6.73241e+06, g_time: 4.81064e+07, s_bytes: 8.60852e+06, s_time: 1.42851e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.0616 New_limit: 3.47475 L: 1.96444 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9083568 duration: 1.911 speed: 4.75331e+06 garbage collected: 7137744 speed: 3.73508e+06 heap limit: 4061596 size before gc: 9083568 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140157 gc_rate: 5.17468, g_bytes: 6.75174e+06, g_time: 4.81727e+07, s_bytes: 8.64043e+06, s_time: 1.66975e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.04298 New_limit: 3.56914 L: 1.94582 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8830172 duration: 1.408 speed: 6.27143e+06 garbage collected: 6895128 speed: 4.89711e+06 heap limit: 4042976 size before gc: 8830172 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.14041 gc_rate: 5.5634, g_bytes: 6.75837e+06, g_time: 4.81332e+07, s_bytes: 8.56139e+06, s_time: 1.53888e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.0322 New_limit: 3.49768 L: 1.93504 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9040668 duration: 2.169 speed: 4.16813e+06 garbage collected: 6840820 speed: 3.15391e+06 heap limit: 4032196 size before gc: 9040668 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.14015 gc_rate: 4.60061, g_bytes: 6.77574e+06, g_time: 4.83463e+07, s_bytes: 8.52925e+06, s_time: 1.85394e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.297 New_limit: 4.03035 L: 2.19985 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9016052 duration: 1.036 speed: 8.70275e+06 garbage collected: 7172900 speed: 6.92365e+06 heap limit: 4297000 size before gc: 9016052 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141067 gc_rate: 5.88738, g_bytes: 6.77776e+06, g_time: 4.80464e+07, s_bytes: 8.50708e+06, s_time: 1.44497e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.9403 New_limit: 3.32915 L: 1.84315 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9090008 duration: 0.864 speed: 1.05208e+07 garbage collected: 7249228 speed: 8.39031e+06 heap limit: 3940304 size before gc: 9090008 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141824 gc_rate: 7.38997, g_bytes: 6.80121e+06, g_time: 4.79553e+07, s_bytes: 8.53161e+06, s_time: 1.15448e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.93793 New_limit: 3.16982 L: 1.84078 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9054780 duration: 1.639 speed: 5.52458e+06 garbage collected: 7328176 speed: 4.47113e+06 heap limit: 3937932 size before gc: 9054780 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141965 gc_rate: 6.06922, g_bytes: 6.82185e+06, g_time: 4.80532e+07, s_bytes: 8.47714e+06, s_time: 1.39674e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.82376 New_limit: 3.14764 L: 1.7266 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.141782 gc_rate: 6.06922, g_bytes: 6.54603e+06, g_time: 4.61698e+07, s_bytes: 8.47714e+06, s_time: 1.39674e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.82376 New_limit: 3.14672 L: 1.7266 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9123584 duration: 1.331 speed: 6.85468e+06 garbage collected: 7228760 speed: 5.43107e+06 heap limit: 3823756 size before gc: 9123584 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142222 gc_rate: 6.32252, g_bytes: 6.58858e+06, g_time: 4.6326e+07, s_bytes: 8.6231e+06, s_time: 1.36387e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.99198 New_limit: 3.35467 L: 1.89482 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8813684 duration: 1.449 speed: 6.0826e+06 garbage collected: 6910220 speed: 4.76896e+06 heap limit: 3991976 size before gc: 8813684 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142283 gc_rate: 6.07136, g_bytes: 6.60509e+06, g_time: 4.64223e+07, s_bytes: 8.53897e+06, s_time: 1.40644e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.00062 New_limit: 3.39691 L: 1.90346 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8797476 duration: 1.362 speed: 6.45923e+06 garbage collected: 6864972 speed: 5.04036e+06 heap limit: 4000616 size before gc: 8797476 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141761 gc_rate: 6.13811, g_bytes: 6.61954e+06, g_time: 4.66949e+07, s_bytes: 8.49648e+06, s_time: 1.38422e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.02966 New_limit: 3.42635 L: 1.9325 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8796956 duration: 1.563 speed: 5.62825e+06 garbage collected: 6847832 speed: 4.38121e+06 heap limit: 4029656 size before gc: 8796956 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141205 gc_rate: 5.74898, g_bytes: 6.63178e+06, g_time: 4.69656e+07, s_bytes: 8.47175e+06, s_time: 1.47361e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.04628 New_limit: 3.49628 L: 1.94912 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8895860 duration: 1.616 speed: 5.50486e+06 garbage collected: 6955896 speed: 4.30439e+06 heap limit: 4046276 size before gc: 8895860 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140184 gc_rate: 5.50702, g_bytes: 6.64753e+06, g_time: 4.74202e+07, s_bytes: 8.50727e+06, s_time: 1.5448e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03712 New_limit: 3.51131 L: 1.93996 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8862304 duration: 1.7 speed: 5.21312e+06 garbage collected: 6921940 speed: 4.07173e+06 heap limit: 4037116 size before gc: 8862304 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140295 gc_rate: 5.2439, g_bytes: 6.66127e+06, g_time: 4.74803e+07, s_bytes: 8.50772e+06, s_time: 1.6224e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03752 New_limit: 3.55146 L: 1.94036 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9088648 duration: 2.081 speed: 4.36744e+06 garbage collected: 7062028 speed: 3.39357e+06 heap limit: 4037516 size before gc: 9088648 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140466 gc_rate: 4.60615, g_bytes: 6.68562e+06, g_time: 4.7596e+07, s_bytes: 8.52921e+06, s_time: 1.8517e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.12377 New_limit: 3.78449 L: 2.02662 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8916760 duration: 1.949 speed: 4.57504e+06 garbage collected: 7057448 speed: 3.62106e+06 heap limit: 4123772 size before gc: 8916760 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140368 gc_rate: 4.49852, g_bytes: 6.69585e+06, g_time: 4.77021e+07, s_bytes: 8.54877e+06, s_time: 1.90035e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.95646 New_limit: 3.56249 L: 1.85931 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8850576 duration: 1.26 speed: 7.02427e+06 garbage collected: 6910912 speed: 5.48485e+06 heap limit: 3956464 size before gc: 8850576 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140605 gc_rate: 5.36522, g_bytes: 6.71062e+06, g_time: 4.77269e+07, s_bytes: 8.47799e+06, s_time: 1.58018e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03682 New_limit: 3.5339 L: 1.93966 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.140338 gc_rate: 5.36522, g_bytes: 6.65942e+06, g_time: 4.74526e+07, s_bytes: 8.47799e+06, s_time: 1.58018e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03682 New_limit: 3.53239 L: 1.93966 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9102336 duration: 1.492 speed: 6.10076e+06 garbage collected: 7222452 speed: 4.84079e+06 heap limit: 4036816 size before gc: 9102336 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140712 gc_rate: 5.58621, g_bytes: 6.68458e+06, g_time: 4.75053e+07, s_bytes: 8.58091e+06, s_time: 1.53609e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.97704 New_limit: 3.4186 L: 1.87988 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8988736 duration: 1.304 speed: 6.8932e+06 garbage collected: 7014188 speed: 5.37898e+06 heap limit: 3977036 size before gc: 8988736 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140428 gc_rate: 6.02257, g_bytes: 6.70579e+06, g_time: 4.77527e+07, s_bytes: 8.55231e+06, s_time: 1.42004e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.0717 New_limit: 3.49179 L: 1.97455 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9118216 duration: 1.371 speed: 6.65078e+06 garbage collected: 7244392 speed: 5.28402e+06 heap limit: 4071700 size before gc: 9118216 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140825 gc_rate: 6.18848, g_bytes: 6.72769e+06, g_time: 4.77735e+07, s_bytes: 8.63616e+06, s_time: 1.39552e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.97098 New_limit: 3.33397 L: 1.87382 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9162692 duration: 1.879 speed: 4.87637e+06 garbage collected: 7221888 speed: 3.84347e+06 heap limit: 3970976 size before gc: 9162692 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141228 gc_rate: 4.05507, g_bytes: 6.75575e+06, g_time: 4.78358e+07, s_bytes: 8.66674e+06, s_time: 2.13726e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03796 New_limit: 3.77919 L: 1.9408 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9127724 duration: 1.463 speed: 6.23905e+06 garbage collected: 7084756 speed: 4.84262e+06 heap limit: 4037956 size before gc: 9127724 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140823 gc_rate: 4.80962, g_bytes: 6.7773e+06, g_time: 4.81262e+07, s_bytes: 8.65795e+06, s_time: 1.80013e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.14012 New_limit: 3.77238 L: 2.04297 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9121736 duration: 1.923 speed: 4.74349e+06 garbage collected: 6868972 speed: 3.57201e+06 heap limit: 4140120 size before gc: 9121736 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141042 gc_rate: 4.61178, g_bytes: 6.79238e+06, g_time: 4.81586e+07, s_bytes: 8.58513e+06, s_time: 1.86157e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.34992 New_limit: 4.10878 L: 2.25276 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9057372 duration: 1.556 speed: 5.82093e+06 garbage collected: 7119348 speed: 4.57542e+06 heap limit: 4349916 size before gc: 9057372 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141472 gc_rate: 5.02661, g_bytes: 6.79299e+06, g_time: 4.80166e+07, s_bytes: 8.58938e+06, s_time: 1.70878e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03518 New_limit: 3.58946 L: 1.93802 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9110556 duration: 2.308 speed: 3.94738e+06 garbage collected: 7090296 speed: 3.07205e+06 heap limit: 4035176 size before gc: 9110556 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140695 gc_rate: 4.3013, g_bytes: 6.81197e+06, g_time: 4.84166e+07, s_bytes: 8.63869e+06, s_time: 2.00839e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.11741 New_limit: 3.83799 L: 2.02026 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9061516 duration: 1.64 speed: 5.52531e+06 garbage collected: 6902968 speed: 4.20913e+06 heap limit: 4117412 size before gc: 9061516 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140307 gc_rate: 4.69889, g_bytes: 6.82343e+06, g_time: 4.8632e+07, s_bytes: 8.5717e+06, s_time: 1.8242e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.2557 New_limit: 3.95373 L: 2.15855 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8991092 duration: 1.442 speed: 6.23515e+06 garbage collected: 7015784 speed: 4.86531e+06 heap limit: 4255700 size before gc: 8991092 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140111 gc_rate: 5.23254, g_bytes: 6.82389e+06, g_time: 4.87035e+07, s_bytes: 8.54524e+06, s_time: 1.6331e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.07246 New_limit: 3.60154 L: 1.97531 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.139628 gc_rate: 5.23254, g_bytes: 6.60882e+06, g_time: 4.73317e+07, s_bytes: 8.54524e+06, s_time: 1.6331e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.07246 New_limit: 3.59873 L: 1.97531 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8916788 duration: 1.315 speed: 6.78083e+06 garbage collected: 6958280 speed: 5.29147e+06 heap limit: 4072460 size before gc: 8916788 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.139882 gc_rate: 5.76483, g_bytes: 6.62546e+06, g_time: 4.73647e+07, s_bytes: 8.49764e+06, s_time: 1.47405e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.05566 New_limit: 3.49998 L: 1.95851 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9112804 duration: 1.472 speed: 6.19076e+06 garbage collected: 7123796 speed: 4.83954e+06 heap limit: 4055660 size before gc: 9112804 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140008 gc_rate: 5.83381, g_bytes: 6.6519e+06, g_time: 4.75107e+07, s_bytes: 8.59335e+06, s_time: 1.47302e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.08616 New_limit: 3.53392 L: 1.98901 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9021784 duration: 2.266 speed: 3.98137e+06 garbage collected: 6968436 speed: 3.07521e+06 heap limit: 4086160 size before gc: 9021784 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.139636 gc_rate: 3.60215, g_bytes: 6.67094e+06, g_time: 4.77738e+07, s_bytes: 8.53533e+06, s_time: 2.36951e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.1505 New_limit: 4.04831 L: 2.05335 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8953500 duration: 1.311 speed: 6.82952e+06 garbage collected: 7100532 speed: 5.41612e+06 heap limit: 4150500 size before gc: 8953500 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.139994 gc_rate: 4.65902, g_bytes: 6.6824e+06, g_time: 4.77335e+07, s_bytes: 8.57379e+06, s_time: 1.84026e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.95012 New_limit: 3.52147 L: 1.85297 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8784084 duration: 1.273 speed: 6.9003e+06 garbage collected: 6938456 speed: 5.45048e+06 heap limit: 3950120 size before gc: 8784084 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.13963 gc_rate: 5.46935, g_bytes: 6.69484e+06, g_time: 4.79469e+07, s_bytes: 8.51374e+06, s_time: 1.55663e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.94278 New_limit: 3.38052 L: 1.84563 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9001892 duration: 2.34 speed: 3.84696e+06 garbage collected: 7113104 speed: 3.03979e+06 heap limit: 3942780 size before gc: 9001892 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.139419 gc_rate: 4.39674, g_bytes: 6.71791e+06, g_time: 4.81852e+07, s_bytes: 8.56623e+06, s_time: 1.94831e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.98594 New_limit: 3.61929 L: 1.88879 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8935580 duration: 1.556 speed: 5.74266e+06 garbage collected: 7032236 speed: 4.51943e+06 heap limit: 3985940 size before gc: 8935580 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.139181 gc_rate: 4.90322, g_bytes: 6.73435e+06, g_time: 4.83855e+07, s_bytes: 8.5912e+06, s_time: 1.75216e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.0005 New_limit: 3.54693 L: 1.90334 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9023844 duration: 1.204 speed: 7.49489e+06 garbage collected: 7063916 speed: 5.86704e+06 heap limit: 4000496 size before gc: 9023844 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.139589 gc_rate: 5.80097, g_bytes: 6.75366e+06, g_time: 4.83823e+07, s_bytes: 8.57429e+06, s_time: 1.47808e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.05708 New_limit: 3.49554 L: 1.95993 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9073148 duration: 1.054 speed: 8.6083e+06 garbage collected: 7198508 speed: 6.8297e+06 heap limit: 4057080 size before gc: 9073148 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140103 gc_rate: 6.8561, g_bytes: 6.77164e+06, g_time: 4.83333e+07, s_bytes: 8.68009e+06, s_time: 1.26604e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.97179 New_limit: 3.25862 L: 1.87464 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9048992 duration: 2.751 speed: 3.28935e+06 garbage collected: 6866788 speed: 2.49611e+06 heap limit: 3971792 size before gc: 9048992 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140357 gc_rate: 4.26786, g_bytes: 6.79177e+06, g_time: 4.83894e+07, s_bytes: 8.57209e+06, s_time: 2.00852e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.27936 New_limit: 4.07648 L: 2.1822 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.140421 gc_rate: 4.26786, g_bytes: 6.48808e+06, g_time: 4.62047e+07, s_bytes: 8.57209e+06, s_time: 2.00852e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.27936 New_limit: 4.07691 L: 2.1822 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9087060 duration: 1.767 speed: 5.14265e+06 garbage collected: 7097232 speed: 4.01654e+06 heap limit: 4279356 size before gc: 9087060 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140428 gc_rate: 4.50319, g_bytes: 6.50892e+06, g_time: 4.63506e+07, s_bytes: 8.50094e+06, s_time: 1.88776e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.08698 New_limit: 3.75123 L: 1.98983 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8873736 duration: 0.749 speed: 1.18474e+07 garbage collected: 7067756 speed: 9.43626e+06 heap limit: 4086980 size before gc: 8873736 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140382 gc_rate: 6.40837, g_bytes: 6.52767e+06, g_time: 4.64994e+07, s_bytes: 8.44867e+06, s_time: 1.31838e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.90313 New_limit: 3.21243 L: 1.80598 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8921928 duration: 1.737 speed: 5.1364e+06 garbage collected: 6487088 speed: 3.73465e+06 heap limit: 3903132 size before gc: 8921928 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141229 gc_rate: 5.53007, g_bytes: 6.55708e+06, g_time: 4.64288e+07, s_bytes: 8.44824e+06, s_time: 1.52769e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.53199 New_limit: 4.1981 L: 2.43484 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8962804 duration: 1.634 speed: 5.48519e+06 garbage collected: 6985024 speed: 4.2748e+06 heap limit: 4531992 size before gc: 8962804 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141562 gc_rate: 5.3588, g_bytes: 6.55563e+06, g_time: 4.63094e+07, s_bytes: 8.47144e+06, s_time: 1.58084e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.07493 New_limit: 3.59404 L: 1.97778 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9194116 duration: 1.437 speed: 6.39813e+06 garbage collected: 7275700 speed: 5.06312e+06 heap limit: 4074932 size before gc: 9194116 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141769 gc_rate: 5.72518, g_bytes: 6.58866e+06, g_time: 4.64747e+07, s_bytes: 8.63886e+06, s_time: 1.50892e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.01557 New_limit: 3.45959 L: 1.91842 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9028824 duration: 1.322 speed: 6.82967e+06 garbage collected: 7157656 speed: 5.41426e+06 heap limit: 4015568 size before gc: 9028824 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142055 gc_rate: 6.1245, g_bytes: 6.61475e+06, g_time: 4.65648e+07, s_bytes: 8.66899e+06, s_time: 1.41546e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.96832 New_limit: 3.34427 L: 1.87117 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9354088 duration: 1.654 speed: 5.65543e+06 garbage collected: 7292668 speed: 4.40911e+06 heap limit: 3968320 size before gc: 9354088 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142133 gc_rate: 5.68241, g_bytes: 6.65816e+06, g_time: 4.68446e+07, s_bytes: 8.72097e+06, s_time: 1.53473e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.15857 New_limit: 3.66706 L: 2.06142 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9143652 duration: 2.105 speed: 4.34378e+06 garbage collected: 7361172 speed: 3.49699e+06 heap limit: 4158572 size before gc: 9143652 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142551 gc_rate: 4.71866, g_bytes: 6.67936e+06, g_time: 4.68561e+07, s_bytes: 8.58732e+06, s_time: 1.81987e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.87963 New_limit: 3.42334 L: 1.78248 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9021432 duration: 1.539 speed: 5.86188e+06 garbage collected: 7115652 speed: 4.62356e+06 heap limit: 3879632 size before gc: 9021432 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142776 gc_rate: 5.06754, g_bytes: 6.70734e+06, g_time: 4.69782e+07, s_bytes: 8.51059e+06, s_time: 1.67943e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.00293 New_limit: 3.54429 L: 1.90578 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9073540 duration: 1.276 speed: 7.11092e+06 garbage collected: 7213600 speed: 5.65329e+06 heap limit: 4002932 size before gc: 9073540 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142905 gc_rate: 5.83784, g_bytes: 6.73036e+06, g_time: 4.70966e+07, s_bytes: 8.62667e+06, s_time: 1.47772e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.95709 New_limit: 3.36874 L: 1.85994 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: yg_balancer flag disabled
0.142715 gc_rate: 5.83784, g_bytes: 6.42977e+06, g_time: 4.50532e+07, s_bytes: 8.62667e+06, s_time: 1.47772e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.95709 New_limit: 3.36774 L: 1.85994 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9045232 duration: 1.325 speed: 6.82659e+06 garbage collected: 7068156 speed: 5.33446e+06 heap limit: 3957092 size before gc: 9045232 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142843 gc_rate: 6.18642, g_bytes: 6.46754e+06, g_time: 4.52772e+07, s_bytes: 8.6694e+06, s_time: 1.40136e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.07423 New_limit: 3.48787 L: 1.97708 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8966312 duration: 1.251 speed: 7.16732e+06 garbage collected: 7105780 speed: 5.68008e+06 heap limit: 4074228 size before gc: 8966312 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143262 gc_rate: 6.52408, g_bytes: 6.49363e+06, g_time: 4.53268e+07, s_bytes: 8.65209e+06, s_time: 1.32618e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.95768 New_limit: 3.28979 L: 1.86053 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9064504 duration: 1.346 speed: 6.7344e+06 garbage collected: 7080412 speed: 5.26034e+06 heap limit: 3957684 size before gc: 9064504 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143462 gc_rate: 6.45236, g_bytes: 6.52914e+06, g_time: 4.55112e+07, s_bytes: 8.62094e+06, s_time: 1.33609e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.08124 New_limit: 3.46926 L: 1.98409 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9224404 duration: 1.88 speed: 4.9066e+06 garbage collected: 7170232 speed: 3.81395e+06 heap limit: 4081244 size before gc: 9224404 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143094 gc_rate: 5.39891, g_bytes: 6.5647e+06, g_time: 4.58768e+07, s_bytes: 8.68169e+06, s_time: 1.60804e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.15132 New_limit: 3.70409 L: 2.05417 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8990656 duration: 1.678 speed: 5.35796e+06 garbage collected: 7053664 speed: 4.20361e+06 heap limit: 4151324 size before gc: 8990656 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142475 gc_rate: 5.21007, g_bytes: 6.58329e+06, g_time: 4.62067e+07, s_bytes: 8.56026e+06, s_time: 1.64302e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03414 New_limit: 3.5644 L: 1.93699 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8911884 duration: 1.271 speed: 7.01171e+06 garbage collected: 7046480 speed: 5.54404e+06 heap limit: 4034144 size before gc: 8911884 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142176 gc_rate: 5.87874, g_bytes: 6.60287e+06, g_time: 4.64414e+07, s_bytes: 8.56539e+06, s_time: 1.45701e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.96256 New_limit: 3.36731 L: 1.8654 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9225864 duration: 1.414 speed: 6.52466e+06 garbage collected: 7244280 speed: 5.12325e+06 heap limit: 3962556 size before gc: 9225864 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142559 gc_rate: 6.03667, g_bytes: 6.64075e+06, g_time: 4.65826e+07, s_bytes: 8.66567e+06, s_time: 1.43551e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.07874 New_limit: 3.51122 L: 1.98158 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8956672 duration: 0.981 speed: 9.13014e+06 garbage collected: 7158508 speed: 7.29715e+06 heap limit: 4078736 size before gc: 8956672 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143011 gc_rate: 7.07116, g_bytes: 6.65747e+06, g_time: 4.65522e+07, s_bytes: 8.54374e+06, s_time: 1.20825e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.89532 New_limit: 3.14663 L: 1.79816 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9225024 duration: 0.939 speed: 9.82431e+06 garbage collected: 7353816 speed: 7.83154e+06 heap limit: 3895316 size before gc: 9225024 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143696 gc_rate: 7.97845, g_bytes: 6.69594e+06, g_time: 4.6598e+07, s_bytes: 8.56588e+06, s_time: 1.07363e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.96836 New_limit: 3.16931 L: 1.87121 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8945440 duration: 1.776 speed: 5.03685e+06 garbage collected: 6494936 speed: 3.65706e+06 heap limit: 3968360 size before gc: 8945440 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.14436 gc_rate: 5.97636, g_bytes: 6.71485e+06, g_time: 4.65147e+07, s_bytes: 8.5152e+06, s_time: 1.42481e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.54766 New_limit: 4.17086 L: 2.4505 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.143746 gc_rate: 5.97636, g_bytes: 6.37911e+06, g_time: 4.43776e+07, s_bytes: 8.5152e+06, s_time: 1.42481e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.54766 New_limit: 4.1672 L: 2.4505 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9016680 duration: 2.612 speed: 3.45202e+06 garbage collected: 6881456 speed: 2.63455e+06 heap limit: 4547656 size before gc: 9016680 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.143303 gc_rate: 3.36822, g_bytes: 6.38846e+06, g_time: 4.45801e+07, s_bytes: 8.48255e+06, s_time: 2.51841e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.26647 New_limit: 4.26647 L: 2.13522 Additional Memory: 2

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9033048 duration: 1.412 speed: 6.39734e+06 garbage collected: 7033424 speed: 4.98118e+06 heap limit: 4266472 size before gc: 9033048 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141924 gc_rate: 4.34981, g_bytes: 6.41393e+06, g_time: 4.51926e+07, s_bytes: 8.54827e+06, s_time: 1.9652e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.09678 New_limit: 3.80577 L: 1.99962 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8997656 duration: 1.396 speed: 6.44531e+06 garbage collected: 6997772 speed: 5.01273e+06 heap limit: 4096776 size before gc: 8997656 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142147 gc_rate: 5.0791, g_bytes: 6.44314e+06, g_time: 4.53273e+07, s_bytes: 8.53595e+06, s_time: 1.6806e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.09704 New_limit: 3.67276 L: 1.99988 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8770876 duration: 1.643 speed: 5.33833e+06 garbage collected: 6910004 speed: 4.20572e+06 heap limit: 4097036 size before gc: 8770876 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142344 gc_rate: 5.10803, g_bytes: 6.45953e+06, g_time: 4.53796e+07, s_bytes: 8.48852e+06, s_time: 1.6618e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.95802 New_limit: 3.4711 L: 1.86087 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8933664 duration: 1.225 speed: 7.29279e+06 garbage collected: 7066332 speed: 5.76843e+06 heap limit: 3958024 size before gc: 8933664 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142421 gc_rate: 5.92118, g_bytes: 6.49019e+06, g_time: 4.55704e+07, s_bytes: 8.54664e+06, s_time: 1.4434e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.96448 New_limit: 3.36591 L: 1.86733 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8983488 duration: 1.57 speed: 5.72197e+06 garbage collected: 7071176 speed: 4.50393e+06 heap limit: 3964484 size before gc: 8983488 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.14264 gc_rate: 5.6829, g_bytes: 6.52149e+06, g_time: 4.57198e+07, s_bytes: 8.56242e+06, s_time: 1.5067e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.00946 New_limit: 3.46149 L: 1.91231 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9105372 duration: 1.325 speed: 6.87198e+06 garbage collected: 7088584 speed: 5.34987e+06 heap limit: 4009464 size before gc: 9105372 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142779 gc_rate: 6.08063, g_bytes: 6.55507e+06, g_time: 4.59107e+07, s_bytes: 8.60926e+06, s_time: 1.41585e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.11394 New_limit: 3.55555 L: 2.01679 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9188088 duration: 1.482 speed: 6.19979e+06 garbage collected: 7213996 speed: 4.86774e+06 heap limit: 4113940 size before gc: 9188088 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142572 gc_rate: 5.98478, g_bytes: 6.58588e+06, g_time: 4.61935e+07, s_bytes: 8.6715e+06, s_time: 1.44893e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.07124 New_limit: 3.50751 L: 1.97409 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8997556 duration: 1.423 speed: 6.32295e+06 garbage collected: 7080144 speed: 4.97551e+06 heap limit: 4071244 size before gc: 8997556 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142685 gc_rate: 6.01526, g_bytes: 6.60776e+06, g_time: 4.63101e+07, s_bytes: 8.63769e+06, s_time: 1.43596e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.01456 New_limit: 3.42542 L: 1.91741 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.141302 gc_rate: 6.01526, g_bytes: 6.51921e+06, g_time: 4.61369e+07, s_bytes: 8.63769e+06, s_time: 1.43596e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.01456 New_limit: 3.4181 L: 1.91741 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9165052 duration: 1.751 speed: 5.23418e+06 garbage collected: 7188820 speed: 4.10555e+06 heap limit: 4014564 size before gc: 9165052 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141094 gc_rate: 5.44269, g_bytes: 6.55563e+06, g_time: 4.64627e+07, s_bytes: 8.67282e+06, s_time: 1.59348e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.07338 New_limit: 3.57672 L: 1.97623 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9006788 duration: 1.671 speed: 5.39006e+06 garbage collected: 7120504 speed: 4.26122e+06 heap limit: 4073384 size before gc: 9006788 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140699 gc_rate: 5.31305, g_bytes: 6.57938e+06, g_time: 4.67621e+07, s_bytes: 8.67217e+06, s_time: 1.63224e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.98344 New_limit: 3.46667 L: 1.88628 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8973624 duration: 1.892 speed: 4.74293e+06 garbage collected: 7048672 speed: 3.72551e+06 heap limit: 3983436 size before gc: 8973624 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.14108 gc_rate: 3.81604, g_bytes: 6.60478e+06, g_time: 4.68157e+07, s_bytes: 8.63235e+06, s_time: 2.26212e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.0221 New_limit: 3.8113 L: 1.92495 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9012480 duration: 0.772 speed: 1.16742e+07 garbage collected: 7204820 speed: 9.33267e+06 heap limit: 4022104 size before gc: 9012480 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.14146 gc_rate: 5.65407, g_bytes: 6.62892e+06, g_time: 4.68606e+07, s_bytes: 8.57756e+06, s_time: 1.51706e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.90481 New_limit: 3.31143 L: 1.80766 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9033016 duration: 0.972 speed: 9.29323e+06 garbage collected: 7134112 speed: 7.33962e+06 heap limit: 3904812 size before gc: 9033016 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142088 gc_rate: 6.83517, g_bytes: 6.65874e+06, g_time: 4.68636e+07, s_bytes: 8.50658e+06, s_time: 1.24453e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.99606 New_limit: 3.30379 L: 1.8989 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8852556 duration: 1.78 speed: 4.97335e+06 garbage collected: 6655496 speed: 3.73904e+06 heap limit: 3996056 size before gc: 8852556 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142922 gc_rate: 5.62515, g_bytes: 6.67348e+06, g_time: 4.66932e+07, s_bytes: 8.50672e+06, s_time: 1.51227e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.29421 New_limit: 3.86772 L: 2.19706 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9143528 duration: 1.987 speed: 4.60167e+06 garbage collected: 6776284 speed: 3.41031e+06 heap limit: 4294212 size before gc: 9143528 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142481 gc_rate: 4.86618, g_bytes: 6.68713e+06, g_time: 4.69335e+07, s_bytes: 8.51403e+06, s_time: 1.74963e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.4644 New_limit: 4.22886 L: 2.36724 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8958880 duration: 1.425 speed: 6.28693e+06 garbage collected: 7286428 speed: 5.11328e+06 heap limit: 4464396 size before gc: 8958880 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142693 gc_rate: 5.33012, g_bytes: 6.68236e+06, g_time: 4.68302e+07, s_bytes: 8.46058e+06, s_time: 1.58732e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.7696 New_limit: 3.16867 L: 1.67245 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8960732 duration: 1.665 speed: 5.38182e+06 garbage collected: 7230904 speed: 4.34289e+06 heap limit: 3769604 size before gc: 8960732 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142559 gc_rate: 5.18375, g_bytes: 6.71265e+06, g_time: 4.70869e+07, s_bytes: 8.42959e+06, s_time: 1.62616e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.82698 New_limit: 3.2721 L: 1.72983 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9069640 duration: 1.428 speed: 6.35129e+06 garbage collected: 7002896 speed: 4.90399e+06 heap limit: 3826980 size before gc: 9069640 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142712 gc_rate: 5.56038, g_bytes: 6.74401e+06, g_time: 4.72561e+07, s_bytes: 8.49113e+06, s_time: 1.52708e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.1639 New_limit: 3.69531 L: 2.06674 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.141152 gc_rate: 5.56038, g_bytes: 6.60342e+06, g_time: 4.67823e+07, s_bytes: 8.49113e+06, s_time: 1.52708e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.1639 New_limit: 3.68639 L: 2.06674 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8899696 duration: 1.644 speed: 5.41344e+06 garbage collected: 6892272 speed: 4.19238e+06 heap limit: 4163896 size before gc: 8899696 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.14002 gc_rate: 5.35015, g_bytes: 6.6149e+06, g_time: 4.72425e+07, s_bytes: 8.48287e+06, s_time: 1.58554e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.10458 New_limit: 3.62818 L: 2.00742 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9046920 duration: 2.025 speed: 4.46761e+06 garbage collected: 6779152 speed: 3.34773e+06 heap limit: 4104576 size before gc: 9046920 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140085 gc_rate: 4.69917, g_bytes: 6.63613e+06, g_time: 4.73723e+07, s_bytes: 8.48326e+06, s_time: 1.80527e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.36492 New_limit: 4.10629 L: 2.26777 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9006512 duration: 1.678 speed: 5.36741e+06 garbage collected: 7029048 speed: 4.18894e+06 heap limit: 4364920 size before gc: 9006512 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.13982 gc_rate: 4.88881, g_bytes: 6.64126e+06, g_time: 4.74985e+07, s_bytes: 8.51453e+06, s_time: 1.74163e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.07462 New_limit: 3.65906 L: 1.97746 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9031920 duration: 1.539 speed: 5.86869e+06 garbage collected: 6935432 speed: 4.50645e+06 heap limit: 4074616 size before gc: 9031920 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.13992 gc_rate: 5.20066, g_bytes: 6.66192e+06, g_time: 4.76124e+07, s_bytes: 8.53074e+06, s_time: 1.64032e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.19364 New_limit: 3.77584 L: 2.09649 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9039196 duration: 1.884 speed: 4.79787e+06 garbage collected: 7077812 speed: 3.7568e+06 heap limit: 4193640 size before gc: 9039196 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140258 gc_rate: 4.80588, g_bytes: 6.67596e+06, g_time: 4.75976e+07, s_bytes: 8.46872e+06, s_time: 1.76216e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.05854 New_limit: 3.65316 L: 1.96138 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9194096 duration: 1.744 speed: 5.27184e+06 garbage collected: 7205856 speed: 4.1318e+06 heap limit: 4058536 size before gc: 9194096 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140634 gc_rate: 4.90428, g_bytes: 6.7038e+06, g_time: 4.76685e+07, s_bytes: 8.5976e+06, s_time: 1.75308e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.08539 New_limit: 3.67664 L: 1.98824 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9072944 duration: 1.472 speed: 6.16368e+06 garbage collected: 7073180 speed: 4.80515e+06 heap limit: 4085392 size before gc: 9072944 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141098 gc_rate: 5.35107, g_bytes: 6.72284e+06, g_time: 4.76468e+07, s_bytes: 8.62882e+06, s_time: 1.61254e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.09692 New_limit: 3.62349 L: 1.99976 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8843640 duration: 1.418 speed: 6.2367e+06 garbage collected: 6898836 speed: 4.86519e+06 heap limit: 4096916 size before gc: 8843640 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141248 gc_rate: 5.64714, g_bytes: 6.7289e+06, g_time: 4.76389e+07, s_bytes: 8.55694e+06, s_time: 1.51527e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.04196 New_limit: 3.50435 L: 1.9448 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8756432 duration: 1.437 speed: 6.09355e+06 garbage collected: 6786524 speed: 4.7227e+06 heap limit: 4041956 size before gc: 8756432 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140553 gc_rate: 5.74156, g_bytes: 6.73303e+06, g_time: 4.79037e+07, s_bytes: 8.47531e+06, s_time: 1.47613e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.06706 New_limit: 3.5227 L: 1.96991 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9287360 duration: 1.847 speed: 5.02835e+06 garbage collected: 7315536 speed: 3.96077e+06 heap limit: 4067060 size before gc: 9287360 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141191 gc_rate: 5.08222, g_bytes: 6.76225e+06, g_time: 4.78945e+07, s_bytes: 8.44445e+06, s_time: 1.66157e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.06898 New_limit: 3.62681 L: 1.97182 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.140966 gc_rate: 5.08222, g_bytes: 6.58275e+06, g_time: 4.66973e+07, s_bytes: 8.44445e+06, s_time: 1.66157e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.06898 New_limit: 3.6255 L: 1.97182 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9127412 duration: 1.681 speed: 5.42975e+06 garbage collected: 7149220 speed: 4.25296e+06 heap limit: 4068976 size before gc: 9127412 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.14115 gc_rate: 5.12023, g_bytes: 6.61139e+06, g_time: 4.68394e+07, s_bytes: 8.55735e+06, s_time: 1.67128e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.07534 New_limit: 3.62945 L: 1.97819 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9035832 duration: 1.48 speed: 6.10529e+06 garbage collected: 7060360 speed: 4.77051e+06 heap limit: 4075344 size before gc: 9035832 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140504 gc_rate: 5.43839, g_bytes: 6.6337e+06, g_time: 4.72137e+07, s_bytes: 8.56896e+06, s_time: 1.57564e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.07262 New_limit: 3.57293 L: 1.97547 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9106856 duration: 1.715 speed: 5.31012e+06 garbage collected: 7264276 speed: 4.23573e+06 heap limit: 4072624 size before gc: 9106856 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140809 gc_rate: 5.16138, g_bytes: 6.65859e+06, g_time: 4.7288e+07, s_bytes: 8.49212e+06, s_time: 1.64532e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.93973 New_limit: 3.42795 L: 1.84258 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9167948 duration: 1.452 speed: 6.31401e+06 garbage collected: 7129208 speed: 4.90992e+06 heap limit: 3939732 size before gc: 9167948 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.14125 gc_rate: 5.56599, g_bytes: 6.69193e+06, g_time: 4.73763e+07, s_bytes: 8.61983e+06, s_time: 1.54866e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.13589 New_limit: 3.64712 L: 2.03874 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8906216 duration: 2.253 speed: 3.95305e+06 garbage collected: 6809856 speed: 3.02257e+06 heap limit: 4135892 size before gc: 8906216 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.14152 gc_rate: 4.49457, g_bytes: 6.7007e+06, g_time: 4.73482e+07, s_bytes: 8.54342e+06, s_time: 1.90083e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.19351 New_limit: 3.91305 L: 2.09636 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8971684 duration: 1.434 speed: 6.2564e+06 garbage collected: 7130672 speed: 4.97257e+06 heap limit: 4193512 size before gc: 8971684 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141825 gc_rate: 5.10656, g_bytes: 6.70943e+06, g_time: 4.73077e+07, s_bytes: 8.51475e+06, s_time: 1.66742e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.93816 New_limit: 3.43993 L: 1.84101 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9122284 duration: 1.491 speed: 6.11823e+06 garbage collected: 7146532 speed: 4.79311e+06 heap limit: 3938164 size before gc: 9122284 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142273 gc_rate: 5.43735, g_bytes: 6.73803e+06, g_time: 4.73599e+07, s_bytes: 8.58671e+06, s_time: 1.57921e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.0729 New_limit: 3.5835 L: 1.97575 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8889620 duration: 1.606 speed: 5.53526e+06 garbage collected: 6942608 speed: 4.32292e+06 heap limit: 4072904 size before gc: 8889620 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142364 gc_rate: 5.37343, g_bytes: 6.74682e+06, g_time: 4.73915e+07, s_bytes: 8.55775e+06, s_time: 1.5926e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.04416 New_limit: 3.553 L: 1.94701 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8889228 duration: 1.152 speed: 7.71634e+06 garbage collected: 6990556 speed: 6.06819e+06 heap limit: 4044164 size before gc: 8889228 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141952 gc_rate: 6.25865, g_bytes: 6.75659e+06, g_time: 4.75975e+07, s_bytes: 8.58876e+06, s_time: 1.3723e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.99582 New_limit: 3.36605 L: 1.89867 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9150228 duration: 1.369 speed: 6.68388e+06 garbage collected: 7204096 speed: 5.26231e+06 heap limit: 3995824 size before gc: 9150228 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.142132 gc_rate: 6.33929, g_bytes: 6.78134e+06, g_time: 4.77117e+07, s_bytes: 8.68896e+06, s_time: 1.37065e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.04328 New_limit: 3.42318 L: 1.94613 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.141674 gc_rate: 6.33929, g_bytes: 6.5328e+06, g_time: 4.61115e+07, s_bytes: 8.68896e+06, s_time: 1.37065e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.04328 New_limit: 3.4208 L: 1.94613 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 8806896 duration: 2.069 speed: 4.2566e+06 garbage collected: 6910864 speed: 3.3402e+06 heap limit: 4043284 size before gc: 8806896 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141228 gc_rate: 3.88072, g_bytes: 6.5492e+06, g_time: 4.63731e+07, s_bytes: 8.61452e+06, s_time: 2.21983e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 3.99318 New_limit: 3.75346 L: 1.89603 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9077632 duration: 1.22 speed: 7.44068e+06 garbage collected: 7142560 speed: 5.85456e+06 heap limit: 3993184 size before gc: 9077632 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.140865 gc_rate: 5.04022, g_bytes: 6.58082e+06, g_time: 4.67172e+07, s_bytes: 8.66873e+06, s_time: 1.71991e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03222 New_limit: 3.57948 L: 1.93507 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9068644 duration: 1.778 speed: 5.10047e+06 garbage collected: 7130912 speed: 4.01064e+06 heap limit: 4032224 size before gc: 9068644 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141148 gc_rate: 4.96972, g_bytes: 6.60845e+06, g_time: 4.68192e+07, s_bytes: 8.69183e+06, s_time: 1.74896e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.03488 New_limit: 3.59657 L: 1.93773 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9174300 duration: 2.563 speed: 3.57952e+06 garbage collected: 7142532 speed: 2.78679e+06 heap limit: 4034884 size before gc: 9174300 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141358 gc_rate: 3.28425, g_bytes: 6.63986e+06, g_time: 4.6972e+07, s_bytes: 8.7229e+06, s_time: 2.65598e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.12892 New_limit: 4.12281 L: 2.03177 Additional Memory: 2

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9098596 duration: 1.824 speed: 4.98827e+06 garbage collected: 7025608 speed: 3.85176e+06 heap limit: 4128920 size before gc: 9098596 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141242 gc_rate: 3.88377, g_bytes: 6.66121e+06, g_time: 4.71618e+07, s_bytes: 8.69961e+06, s_time: 2.23999e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.17014 New_limit: 4.01449 L: 2.07299 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835056_140425029538568 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 9103024 duration: 1.441 speed: 6.31716e+06 garbage collected: 7104512 speed: 4.93027e+06 heap limit: 4170140 size before gc: 9103024 guid: 835056_140425029538568
allocation_rate: 0.141449 gc_rate: 4.70693, g_bytes: 6.67965e+06, g_time: 4.72232e+07, s_bytes: 8.66307e+06, s_time: 1.84049e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.09566 New_limit: 3.73139 L: 1.99851 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
inside timer stop
calling join
inside timer stop
calling join
