5
--benchmark=pdfjs.js
--heap-size=10000000000
--log-path=log/2023-04-24-20-59-00/2023-04-24-20-59-00/2023-04-24-20-59-00/2023-04-24-20-59-00/v8_log
Running Benchmark: pdfjs.js
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 16586684 duration: 0.938 speed: 1.7683e+07 garbage collected: 10478908 speed: 1.11715e+07 heap limit: 16492016 size before gc: 16586684 guid: 826626_140207865254664
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 16791564 duration: 5.182 speed: 3.24036e+06 garbage collected: 9186092 speed: 1.77269e+06 heap limit: 16492016 size before gc: 16791564 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.0741028 gc_rate: 1.08839, g_bytes: 824309, g_time: 1.11239e+07, s_bytes: 8.26194e+06, s_time: 7.591e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 20.7434 New_limit: 20.7434 L: 7.60547 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 20115268 duration: 0.602 speed: 3.34141e+07 garbage collected: 13345716 speed: 2.2169e+07 heap limit: 20743435 size before gc: 20115268 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.0875796 gc_rate: 2.59421, g_bytes: 1.40858e+06, g_time: 1.60835e+07, s_bytes: 1.45185e+07, s_time: 5.5965e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 15.4976 New_limit: 15.4976 L: 6.76955 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 15615608 duration: 4.511 speed: 3.46167e+06 garbage collected: 7135072 speed: 1.58171e+06 heap limit: 15497626 size before gc: 15615608 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.0943259 gc_rate: 1.99368, g_bytes: 1.78046e+06, g_time: 1.88756e+07, s_bytes: 1.50598e+07, s_time: 7.55375e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 20.0453 New_limit: 20.0453 L: 8.48054 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 20069140 duration: 3.741 speed: 5.36465e+06 garbage collected: 11208120 speed: 2.99602e+06 heap limit: 20045337 size before gc: 20069140 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.0982273 gc_rate: 2.02992, g_bytes: 2.27086e+06, g_time: 2.31185e+07, s_bytes: 1.75534e+07, s_time: 8.64738e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 20.8163 New_limit: 20.8163 L: 8.86102 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.100053 gc_rate: 2.02992, g_bytes: 2.72977e+06, g_time: 2.72833e+07, s_bytes: 1.75534e+07, s_time: 8.64738e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 20.9268 New_limit: 20.9268 L: 8.86102 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 20999048 duration: 5.029 speed: 4.17559e+06 garbage collected: 11314524 speed: 2.24986e+06 heap limit: 20926841 size before gc: 20999048 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.102125 gc_rate: 1.69769, g_bytes: 3.20019e+06, g_time: 3.13361e+07, s_bytes: 1.92487e+07, s_time: 1.13382e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 23.6198 New_limit: 23.6198 L: 9.68452 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 23559108 duration: 4.886 speed: 4.82176e+06 garbage collected: 13683632 speed: 2.80058e+06 heap limit: 23619775 size before gc: 23559108 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.102634 gc_rate: 1.78301, g_bytes: 3.73391e+06, g_time: 3.63808e+07, s_bytes: 2.1596e+07, s_time: 1.21121e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 23.6408 New_limit: 23.6408 L: 9.87548 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 23619244 duration: 5.868 speed: 4.02509e+06 garbage collected: 13703204 speed: 2.33524e+06 heap limit: 23640823 size before gc: 23619244 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.103526 gc_rate: 1.96232, g_bytes: 4.2344e+06, g_time: 4.09019e+07, s_bytes: 2.25472e+07, s_time: 1.149e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 23.1213 New_limit: 23.1213 L: 9.91604 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 23334332 duration: 4.595 speed: 5.0782e+06 garbage collected: 10836560 speed: 2.35834e+06 heap limit: 23121312 size before gc: 23334332 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.106266 gc_rate: 1.7038, g_bytes: 4.69359e+06, g_time: 4.41685e+07, s_bytes: 2.30737e+07, s_time: 1.35425e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 28.6169 New_limit: 28.6169 L: 12.4978 Additional Memory: 16

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.109345 gc_rate: 1.7038, g_bytes: 5.20345e+06, g_time: 4.75874e+07, s_bytes: 2.30737e+07, s_time: 1.35425e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 28.8488 New_limit: 28.8488 L: 12.4978 Additional Memory: 16

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 28191320 duration: 8.985 speed: 3.1376e+06 garbage collected: 16714984 speed: 1.86032e+06 heap limit: 28848844 size before gc: 28191320 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.111228 gc_rate: 2.3044, g_bytes: 5.72795e+06, g_time: 5.14975e+07, s_bytes: 2.59562e+07, s_time: 1.12638e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 25.0647 New_limit: 25.0647 L: 11.4763 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 25188728 duration: 5.409 speed: 4.65682e+06 garbage collected: 13311404 speed: 2.46097e+06 heap limit: 25064747 size before gc: 25188728 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.11315 gc_rate: 2.17895, g_bytes: 6.12717e+06, g_time: 5.41507e+07, s_bytes: 2.57909e+07, s_time: 1.18364e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 26.2158 New_limit: 26.2158 L: 11.8773 Additional Memory: 14

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 26459616 duration: 6.354 speed: 4.16425e+06 garbage collected: 13326284 speed: 2.09731e+06 heap limit: 26215796 size before gc: 26459616 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.112236 gc_rate: 1.94612, g_bytes: 6.54993e+06, g_time: 5.83585e+07, s_bytes: 2.64579e+07, s_time: 1.35952e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 29.0228 New_limit: 29.0228 L: 13.1333 Additional Memory: 15

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 28784596 duration: 4.832 speed: 5.95708e+06 garbage collected: 14471880 speed: 2.99501e+06 heap limit: 29022763 size before gc: 28784596 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.112808 gc_rate: 1.88315, g_bytes: 7.005e+06, g_time: 6.20966e+07, s_bytes: 2.7708e+07, s_time: 1.47136e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 31.2182 New_limit: 31.2182 L: 14.3127 Additional Memory: 16

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.113993 gc_rate: 1.88315, g_bytes: 7.21067e+06, g_time: 6.32554e+07, s_bytes: 2.7708e+07, s_time: 1.47136e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 31.3068 New_limit: 31.3068 L: 14.3127 Additional Memory: 16

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 31887600 duration: 5.084 speed: 6.27215e+06 garbage collected: 16728836 speed: 3.29049e+06 heap limit: 31306758 size before gc: 31887600 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.115791 gc_rate: 1.71495, g_bytes: 7.72888e+06, g_time: 6.67485e+07, s_bytes: 2.9838e+07, s_time: 1.73988e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 33.6295 New_limit: 33.6295 L: 15.1588 Additional Memory: 18

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 32892432 duration: 14.06 speed: 2.33943e+06 garbage collected: 17221624 speed: 1.22487e+06 heap limit: 33629466 size before gc: 32892432 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.116883 gc_rate: 2.01905, g_bytes: 8.22912e+06, g_time: 7.04045e+07, s_bytes: 3.17584e+07, s_time: 1.57294e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 33.0604 New_limit: 33.0604 L: 15.6708 Additional Memory: 17

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 32635500 duration: 9.927 speed: 3.28755e+06 garbage collected: 13897444 speed: 1.39996e+06 heap limit: 33060359 size before gc: 32635500 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.115777 gc_rate: 1.3962, g_bytes: 8.6659e+06, g_time: 7.485e+07, s_bytes: 3.25709e+07, s_time: 2.33282e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.4963 New_limit: 41.4963 L: 18.7381 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.11625 gc_rate: 1.3962, g_bytes: 8.98675e+06, g_time: 7.73053e+07, s_bytes: 3.25709e+07, s_time: 2.33282e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.5427 New_limit: 41.5427 L: 18.7381 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 40462272 duration: 14.925 speed: 2.71104e+06 garbage collected: 22476068 speed: 1.50593e+06 heap limit: 41542749 size before gc: 40462272 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.116998 gc_rate: 1.36595, g_bytes: 9.62363e+06, g_time: 8.22545e+07, s_bytes: 3.70535e+07, s_time: 2.71266e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 40.6474 New_limit: 40.6474 L: 17.9862 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 39508620 duration: 7.731 speed: 5.11042e+06 garbage collected: 20196072 speed: 2.61235e+06 heap limit: 40647351 size before gc: 39508620 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.115572 gc_rate: 1.46934, g_bytes: 1.02186e+07, g_time: 8.8417e+07, s_bytes: 3.88329e+07, s_time: 2.64288e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.8147 New_limit: 41.8147 L: 19.3125 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 41245112 duration: 5.173 speed: 7.97315e+06 garbage collected: 20306336 speed: 3.92545e+06 heap limit: 41814750 size before gc: 41245112 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.115329 gc_rate: 1.5029, g_bytes: 1.08043e+07, g_time: 9.36821e+07, s_bytes: 4.0279e+07, s_time: 2.68009e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 44.0818 New_limit: 44.0818 L: 20.9388 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.115605 gc_rate: 1.5029, g_bytes: 1.04083e+07, g_time: 9.00329e+07, s_bytes: 4.0279e+07, s_time: 2.68009e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 44.1095 New_limit: 44.1095 L: 20.9388 Additional Memory: 23

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 43445368 duration: 10.78 speed: 4.03018e+06 garbage collected: 20230468 speed: 1.87667e+06 heap limit: 44109471 size before gc: 43445368 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.116291 gc_rate: 1.33263, g_bytes: 1.10132e+07, g_time: 9.47035e+07, s_bytes: 4.23651e+07, s_time: 3.17904e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 49.201 New_limit: 49.201 L: 23.2149 Additional Memory: 25

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 48157444 duration: 14.113 speed: 3.41228e+06 garbage collected: 23272124 speed: 1.64898e+06 heap limit: 49200976 size before gc: 48157444 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.116426 gc_rate: 1.20672, g_bytes: 1.17097e+07, g_time: 1.00576e+08, s_bytes: 4.57971e+07, s_time: 3.79517e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 53.1754 New_limit: 53.1754 L: 24.8853 Additional Memory: 28

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.11685 gc_rate: 1.20672, g_bytes: 1.17507e+07, g_time: 1.00563e+08, s_bytes: 4.57971e+07, s_time: 3.79517e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 53.2268 New_limit: 53.2268 L: 24.8853 Additional Memory: 28

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 51711352 duration: 10.313 speed: 5.01419e+06 garbage collected: 26439152 speed: 2.56367e+06 heap limit: 53226784 size before gc: 51711352 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.11678 gc_rate: 1.28377, g_bytes: 1.25045e+07, g_time: 1.07077e+08, s_bytes: 4.95949e+07, s_time: 3.86324e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 52.9545 New_limit: 52.9545 L: 25.2722 Additional Memory: 27

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 51934340 duration: 16.195 speed: 3.20681e+06 garbage collected: 23241592 speed: 1.43511e+06 heap limit: 52954525 size before gc: 51934340 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.117663 gc_rate: 1.28709, g_bytes: 1.32124e+07, g_time: 1.1229e+08, s_bytes: 5.13726e+07, s_time: 3.99137e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 58.262 New_limit: 58.262 L: 28.6927 Additional Memory: 29

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.118112 gc_rate: 1.28709, g_bytes: 1.33774e+07, g_time: 1.1326e+08, s_bytes: 5.13726e+07, s_time: 3.99137e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 58.3184 New_limit: 58.3184 L: 28.6927 Additional Memory: 29

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 57491628 duration: 10.626 speed: 5.41047e+06 garbage collected: 28707736 speed: 2.70165e+06 heap limit: 58318408 size before gc: 57491628 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.118714 gc_rate: 1.2618, g_bytes: 1.41484e+07, g_time: 1.19181e+08, s_bytes: 5.52288e+07, s_time: 4.37698e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 58.8287 New_limit: 58.8287 L: 28.7839 Additional Memory: 30

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 57375612 duration: 12.475 speed: 4.59925e+06 garbage collected: 26998204 speed: 2.16418e+06 heap limit: 58828667 size before gc: 57375612 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.118869 gc_rate: 1.22618, g_bytes: 1.48706e+07, g_time: 1.25101e+08, s_bytes: 5.71674e+07, s_time: 4.66224e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 61.7082 New_limit: 61.7082 L: 30.3774 Additional Memory: 31

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.119696 gc_rate: 1.22618, g_bytes: 1.50597e+07, g_time: 1.25816e+08, s_bytes: 5.71674e+07, s_time: 4.66224e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 61.8171 New_limit: 61.8171 L: 30.3774 Additional Memory: 31

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 60525568 duration: 16.557 speed: 3.65559e+06 garbage collected: 26556420 speed: 1.60394e+06 heap limit: 61817058 size before gc: 60525568 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.120271 gc_rate: 1.12277, g_bytes: 1.58141e+07, g_time: 1.31487e+08, s_bytes: 5.96073e+07, s_time: 5.30897e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 68.7963 New_limit: 68.7963 L: 33.9691 Additional Memory: 34

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 67296052 duration: 12.862 speed: 5.23216e+06 garbage collected: 32591356 speed: 2.53393e+06 heap limit: 68796330 size before gc: 67296052 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.11971 gc_rate: 1.17844, g_bytes: 1.66898e+07, g_time: 1.39418e+08, s_bytes: 6.41967e+07, s_time: 5.44759e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 68.985 New_limit: 68.985 L: 34.7047 Additional Memory: 34

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.120062 gc_rate: 1.17844, g_bytes: 1.63865e+07, g_time: 1.36484e+08, s_bytes: 6.41967e+07, s_time: 5.44759e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 69.0354 New_limit: 69.0354 L: 34.7047 Additional Memory: 34

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 67696508 duration: 15.151 speed: 4.46812e+06 garbage collected: 29714412 speed: 1.96122e+06 heap limit: 69035368 size before gc: 67696508 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.120524 gc_rate: 1.1357, g_bytes: 1.72168e+07, g_time: 1.42849e+08, s_bytes: 6.67943e+07, s_time: 5.88134e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 74.6372 New_limit: 74.6372 L: 37.9821 Additional Memory: 36

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.120418 gc_rate: 1.1357, g_bytes: 1.81588e+07, g_time: 1.50798e+08, s_bytes: 6.67943e+07, s_time: 5.88134e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 74.6211 New_limit: 74.6211 L: 37.9821 Additional Memory: 36

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 72850368 duration: 15.561 speed: 4.6816e+06 garbage collected: 32797024 speed: 2.10764e+06 heap limit: 74621071 size before gc: 72850368 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.119834 gc_rate: 1.10267, g_bytes: 1.89943e+07, g_time: 1.58506e+08, s_bytes: 7.07772e+07, s_time: 6.41872e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 78.1447 New_limit: 78.1447 L: 40.0533 Additional Memory: 38

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 76365332 duration: 11.771 speed: 6.48758e+06 garbage collected: 35724912 speed: 3.03499e+06 heap limit: 78144664 size before gc: 76365332 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.12003 gc_rate: 1.22044, g_bytes: 1.98602e+07, g_time: 1.6546e+08, s_bytes: 7.44212e+07, s_time: 6.09791e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 77.1415 New_limit: 77.1415 L: 40.6404 Additional Memory: 36

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.12051 gc_rate: 1.22044, g_bytes: 1.99793e+07, g_time: 1.6579e+08, s_bytes: 7.44212e+07, s_time: 6.09791e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 77.2144 New_limit: 77.2144 L: 40.6404 Additional Memory: 36

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 75489608 duration: 12.601 speed: 5.99076e+06 garbage collected: 32906560 speed: 2.61142e+06 heap limit: 77214367 size before gc: 75489608 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.120789 gc_rate: 1.11897, g_bytes: 2.07228e+07, g_time: 1.71563e+08, s_bytes: 7.58548e+07, s_time: 6.77901e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 81.7268 New_limit: 81.7268 L: 42.583 Additional Memory: 39

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 80283132 duration: 6.975 speed: 1.15101e+07 garbage collected: 35563148 speed: 5.09866e+06 heap limit: 81726771 size before gc: 80283132 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.120877 gc_rate: 1.17409, g_bytes: 2.15717e+07, g_time: 1.78459e+08, s_bytes: 7.91132e+07, s_time: 6.73825e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 83.8952 New_limit: 83.8952 L: 44.72 Additional Memory: 39

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.120916 gc_rate: 1.17409, g_bytes: 2.08735e+07, g_time: 1.72628e+08, s_bytes: 7.91132e+07, s_time: 6.73825e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 83.9015 New_limit: 83.9015 L: 44.72 Additional Memory: 39

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 82693252 duration: 11.912 speed: 6.94201e+06 garbage collected: 35254020 speed: 2.95954e+06 heap limit: 83901471 size before gc: 82693252 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.121138 gc_rate: 1.1358, g_bytes: 2.17284e+07, g_time: 1.7937e+08, s_bytes: 8.19448e+07, s_time: 7.21473e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 88.5066 New_limit: 88.5066 L: 47.4392 Additional Memory: 41

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121928 gc_rate: 1.1358, g_bytes: 2.22555e+07, g_time: 1.82529e+08, s_bytes: 8.19448e+07, s_time: 7.21473e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 88.6404 New_limit: 88.6404 L: 47.4392 Additional Memory: 41

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 86780608 duration: 16.36 speed: 5.30444e+06 garbage collected: 35396156 speed: 2.16358e+06 heap limit: 88640405 size before gc: 86780608 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.122306 gc_rate: 1.0184, g_bytes: 2.31098e+07, g_time: 1.8895e+08, s_bytes: 8.52946e+07, s_time: 8.37536e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 96.739 New_limit: 96.739 L: 51.3845 Additional Memory: 45

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 94510120 duration: 19.429 speed: 4.86438e+06 garbage collected: 41389732 speed: 2.13031e+06 heap limit: 96738976 size before gc: 94510120 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.122676 gc_rate: 0.9428, g_bytes: 2.41106e+07, g_time: 1.96539e+08, s_bytes: 9.10663e+07, s_time: 9.65913e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 101.12 New_limit: 101.12 L: 53.1204 Additional Memory: 47

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.122639 gc_rate: 0.9428, g_bytes: 2.32365e+07, g_time: 1.89471e+08, s_bytes: 9.10663e+07, s_time: 9.65913e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 101.113 New_limit: 101.113 L: 53.1204 Additional Memory: 47

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 98673896 duration: 26.49 speed: 3.72495e+06 garbage collected: 43737172 speed: 1.65108e+06 heap limit: 101113079 size before gc: 98673896 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.123254 gc_rate: 0.995994, g_bytes: 2.43524e+07, g_time: 1.97578e+08, s_bytes: 9.61539e+07, s_time: 9.65407e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 102.541 New_limit: 102.541 L: 54.9367 Additional Memory: 47

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.122262 gc_rate: 0.995994, g_bytes: 2.40313e+07, g_time: 1.96555e+08, s_bytes: 9.61539e+07, s_time: 9.65407e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 102.349 New_limit: 102.349 L: 54.9367 Additional Memory: 47

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 100181596 duration: 25.977 speed: 3.85655e+06 garbage collected: 42575980 speed: 1.63899e+06 heap limit: 102348800 size before gc: 100181596 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.121472 gc_rate: 1.05527, g_bytes: 2.5092e+07, g_time: 2.06567e+08, s_bytes: 9.94684e+07, s_time: 9.42588e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 104.62 New_limit: 104.62 L: 57.6056 Additional Memory: 47

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.12132 gc_rate: 1.05527, g_bytes: 2.53512e+07, g_time: 2.08961e+08, s_bytes: 9.94684e+07, s_time: 9.42588e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 104.59 New_limit: 104.59 L: 57.6056 Additional Memory: 46

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 103121752 duration: 1.719 speed: 5.99894e+07 garbage collected: 42231556 speed: 2.45675e+07 heap limit: 104590264 size before gc: 103121752 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.120608 gc_rate: 1.01025, g_bytes: 2.63594e+07, g_time: 2.18555e+08, s_bytes: 1.02529e+08, s_time: 1.01489e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 110.115 New_limit: 110.115 L: 60.8902 Additional Memory: 49

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121574 gc_rate: 1.01025, g_bytes: 2.73817e+07, g_time: 2.25227e+08, s_bytes: 1.02529e+08, s_time: 1.01489e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 110.312 New_limit: 110.312 L: 60.8902 Additional Memory: 49

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 108436880 duration: 11.971 speed: 9.0583e+06 garbage collected: 44691316 speed: 3.7333e+06 heap limit: 110312095 size before gc: 108436880 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.121617 gc_rate: 1.06544, g_bytes: 2.839e+07, g_time: 2.33437e+08, s_bytes: 1.06789e+08, s_time: 1.0023e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 112.995 New_limit: 112.995 L: 63.7456 Additional Memory: 49

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 110412300 duration: 27.704 speed: 3.98543e+06 garbage collected: 44111068 speed: 1.59223e+06 heap limit: 112994617 size before gc: 110412300 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.122028 gc_rate: 1.00878, g_bytes: 2.93038e+07, g_time: 2.40139e+08, s_bytes: 1.09924e+08, s_time: 1.08967e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 118.006 New_limit: 118.006 L: 66.3012 Additional Memory: 51

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121138 gc_rate: 1.00878, g_bytes: 2.79716e+07, g_time: 2.30908e+08, s_bytes: 1.09924e+08, s_time: 1.08967e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 117.817 New_limit: 117.817 L: 66.3012 Additional Memory: 51

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 115206332 duration: 2.717 speed: 4.2402e+07 garbage collected: 45643100 speed: 1.67991e+07 heap limit: 117817039 size before gc: 115206332 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.119817 gc_rate: 1.02879, g_bytes: 2.90183e+07, g_time: 2.42188e+08, s_bytes: 1.14033e+08, s_time: 1.10842e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 121.53 New_limit: 121.53 L: 69.5632 Additional Memory: 51

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.119764 gc_rate: 1.02879, g_bytes: 2.81325e+07, g_time: 2.349e+08, s_bytes: 1.14033e+08, s_time: 1.10842e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 121.519 New_limit: 121.519 L: 69.5632 Additional Memory: 51

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 119286400 duration: 23.639 speed: 5.04617e+06 garbage collected: 44943120 speed: 1.90123e+06 heap limit: 121518526 size before gc: 119286400 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.120181 gc_rate: 0.923155, g_bytes: 2.92121e+07, g_time: 2.43067e+08, s_bytes: 1.17924e+08, s_time: 1.2774e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 131.142 New_limit: 131.142 L: 74.3433 Additional Memory: 56

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.120507 gc_rate: 0.923155, g_bytes: 2.88787e+07, g_time: 2.39644e+08, s_bytes: 1.17924e+08, s_time: 1.2774e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 131.219 New_limit: 131.219 L: 74.3433 Additional Memory: 56

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 128526368 duration: 22.274 speed: 5.77024e+06 garbage collected: 52736244 speed: 2.36761e+06 heap limit: 131219254 size before gc: 128526368 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.12095 gc_rate: 0.914133, g_bytes: 3.01439e+07, g_time: 2.49227e+08, s_bytes: 1.24786e+08, s_time: 1.36507e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 133.605 New_limit: 133.605 L: 75.7901 Additional Memory: 57

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121056 gc_rate: 0.914133, g_bytes: 3.00003e+07, g_time: 2.47821e+08, s_bytes: 1.24786e+08, s_time: 1.36507e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 133.631 New_limit: 133.631 L: 75.7901 Additional Memory: 57

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 131109248 duration: 12.859 speed: 1.01959e+07 garbage collected: 50693668 speed: 3.94227e+06 heap limit: 133630985 size before gc: 131109248 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.120781 gc_rate: 0.942857, g_bytes: 3.12663e+07, g_time: 2.58867e+08, s_bytes: 1.29344e+08, s_time: 1.37183e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 139.014 New_limit: 139.014 L: 80.4156 Additional Memory: 58

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121238 gc_rate: 0.942857, g_bytes: 3.12675e+07, g_time: 2.57901e+08, s_bytes: 1.29344e+08, s_time: 1.37183e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 139.125 New_limit: 139.125 L: 80.4156 Additional Memory: 58

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 136244200 duration: 26.932 speed: 5.05882e+06 garbage collected: 53544592 speed: 1.98814e+06 heap limit: 139124787 size before gc: 136244200 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.121793 gc_rate: 0.872432, g_bytes: 3.24956e+07, g_time: 2.6681e+08, s_bytes: 1.34405e+08, s_time: 1.54058e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 144.735 New_limit: 144.735 L: 82.6996 Additional Memory: 62

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.122208 gc_rate: 0.872432, g_bytes: 3.26666e+07, g_time: 2.67302e+08, s_bytes: 1.34405e+08, s_time: 1.54058e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 144.84 New_limit: 144.84 L: 82.6996 Additional Memory: 62

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 141653160 duration: 34.368 speed: 4.12166e+06 garbage collected: 53967724 speed: 1.57029e+06 heap limit: 144840294 size before gc: 141653160 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.122344 gc_rate: 0.833115, g_bytes: 3.39809e+07, g_time: 2.77749e+08, s_bytes: 1.39724e+08, s_time: 1.67713e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 153.201 New_limit: 153.201 L: 87.6854 Additional Memory: 65

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.122261 gc_rate: 0.833115, g_bytes: 3.38866e+07, g_time: 2.77168e+08, s_bytes: 1.39724e+08, s_time: 1.67713e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 153.178 New_limit: 153.178 L: 87.6854 Additional Memory: 65

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 150014788 duration: 35.598 speed: 4.21414e+06 garbage collected: 58575544 speed: 1.64547e+06 heap limit: 153178275 size before gc: 150014788 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.121795 gc_rate: 0.970067, g_bytes: 3.53088e+07, g_time: 2.89904e+08, s_bytes: 1.46631e+08, s_time: 1.51155e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 153.301 New_limit: 153.301 L: 91.4392 Additional Memory: 61

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121828 gc_rate: 0.970067, g_bytes: 3.47628e+07, g_time: 2.85344e+08, s_bytes: 1.46631e+08, s_time: 1.51155e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 153.309 New_limit: 153.309 L: 91.4392 Additional Memory: 61

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 152438336 duration: 11.399 speed: 1.3373e+07 garbage collected: 55626544 speed: 4.87995e+06 heap limit: 153308916 size before gc: 152438336 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.121405 gc_rate: 0.914121, g_bytes: 3.60746e+07, g_time: 2.97143e+08, s_bytes: 1.51083e+08, s_time: 1.65277e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 162.278 New_limit: 162.278 L: 96.8118 Additional Memory: 65

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121665 gc_rate: 0.914121, g_bytes: 3.53542e+07, g_time: 2.90588e+08, s_bytes: 1.51083e+08, s_time: 1.65277e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 162.348 New_limit: 162.348 L: 96.8118 Additional Memory: 65

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 159110996 duration: 40.154 speed: 3.96252e+06 garbage collected: 60108456 speed: 1.49695e+06 heap limit: 162348352 size before gc: 159110996 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.121916 gc_rate: 0.985592, g_bytes: 3.67015e+07, g_time: 3.01039e+08, s_bytes: 1.56922e+08, s_time: 1.59216e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 162.894 New_limit: 162.894 L: 99.0025 Additional Memory: 63

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121604 gc_rate: 0.985592, g_bytes: 3.55456e+07, g_time: 2.92305e+08, s_bytes: 1.56922e+08, s_time: 1.59216e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 162.813 New_limit: 162.813 L: 99.0025 Additional Memory: 63

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 159647948 duration: 34.72 speed: 4.59816e+06 garbage collected: 58275152 speed: 1.67843e+06 heap limit: 162812515 size before gc: 159647948 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.121503 gc_rate: 0.894231, g_bytes: 3.68006e+07, g_time: 3.02878e+08, s_bytes: 1.60039e+08, s_time: 1.78968e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 169.132 New_limit: 169.132 L: 101.373 Additional Memory: 67

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121046 gc_rate: 0.894231, g_bytes: 3.53615e+07, g_time: 2.92133e+08, s_bytes: 1.60039e+08, s_time: 1.78968e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 169.005 New_limit: 169.005 L: 101.373 Additional Memory: 67

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.120909 gc_rate: 0.894231, g_bytes: 3.65786e+07, g_time: 3.0253e+08, s_bytes: 1.60039e+08, s_time: 1.78968e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 168.966 New_limit: 168.966 L: 101.373 Additional Memory: 67

gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 165565724 duration: 41.99 speed: 3.94298e+06 garbage collected: 59311456 speed: 1.41251e+06 heap limit: 168966213 size before gc: 165565724 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.120587 gc_rate: 0.912311, g_bytes: 3.79593e+07, g_time: 3.14787e+08, s_bytes: 1.64653e+08, s_time: 1.80479e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 174.676 New_limit: 174.676 L: 106.254 Additional Memory: 68

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121106 gc_rate: 0.912311, g_bytes: 3.92349e+07, g_time: 3.23973e+08, s_bytes: 1.64653e+08, s_time: 1.80479e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 174.823 New_limit: 174.823 L: 106.254 Additional Memory: 68

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 171442732 duration: 17.396 speed: 9.8553e+06 garbage collected: 61519040 speed: 3.53639e+06 heap limit: 174822553 size before gc: 171442732 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.120597 gc_rate: 0.907175, g_bytes: 4.05326e+07, g_time: 3.361e+08, s_bytes: 1.70039e+08, s_time: 1.87437e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 179.716 New_limit: 179.716 L: 109.924 Additional Memory: 69

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121293 gc_rate: 0.907175, g_bytes: 4.12431e+07, g_time: 3.40029e+08, s_bytes: 1.70039e+08, s_time: 1.87437e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 179.917 New_limit: 179.917 L: 109.924 Additional Memory: 69

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 176919048 duration: 12.594 speed: 1.40479e+07 garbage collected: 63186512 speed: 5.01719e+06 heap limit: 179917143 size before gc: 176919048 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.121295 gc_rate: 0.905055, g_bytes: 4.25307e+07, g_time: 3.5064e+08, s_bytes: 1.75142e+08, s_time: 1.93516e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 185.012 New_limit: 185.012 L: 113.733 Additional Memory: 71

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121873 gc_rate: 0.905055, g_bytes: 4.27292e+07, g_time: 3.50603e+08, s_bytes: 1.75142e+08, s_time: 1.93516e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 185.182 New_limit: 185.182 L: 113.733 Additional Memory: 71

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 180898656 duration: 35.193 speed: 5.14019e+06 garbage collected: 63100728 speed: 1.79299e+06 heap limit: 185181984 size before gc: 180898656 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.122114 gc_rate: 0.894351, g_bytes: 4.3951e+07, g_time: 3.59919e+08, s_bytes: 1.80081e+08, s_time: 2.01354e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 191.019 New_limit: 191.019 L: 117.798 Additional Memory: 73

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.122448 gc_rate: 0.894351, g_bytes: 4.3569e+07, g_time: 3.55817e+08, s_bytes: 1.80081e+08, s_time: 2.01354e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 191.119 New_limit: 191.119 L: 117.798 Additional Memory: 73

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 187250224 duration: 57.027 speed: 3.28354e+06 garbage collected: 63136704 speed: 1.10714e+06 heap limit: 191119151 size before gc: 187250224 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.122711 gc_rate: 0.883484, g_bytes: 4.48632e+07, g_time: 3.65599e+08, s_bytes: 1.857e+08, s_time: 2.10191e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 199.918 New_limit: 199.918 L: 124.114 Additional Memory: 75

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.122591 gc_rate: 0.883484, g_bytes: 4.3617e+07, g_time: 3.55792e+08, s_bytes: 1.857e+08, s_time: 2.10191e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 199.88 New_limit: 199.88 L: 124.114 Additional Memory: 75

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 198147104 duration: 7.528 speed: 2.63213e+07 garbage collected: 69334748 speed: 9.21025e+06 heap limit: 199880368 size before gc: 198147104 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.121885 gc_rate: 0.924498, g_bytes: 4.51378e+07, g_time: 3.70331e+08, s_bytes: 1.94014e+08, s_time: 2.09859e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 204.051 New_limit: 204.051 L: 128.812 Additional Memory: 75

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121793 gc_rate: 0.924498, g_bytes: 4.29426e+07, g_time: 3.52587e+08, s_bytes: 1.94014e+08, s_time: 2.09859e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 204.023 New_limit: 204.023 L: 128.812 Additional Memory: 75

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.122613 gc_rate: 0.924498, g_bytes: 4.41357e+07, g_time: 3.5996e+08, s_bytes: 1.94014e+08, s_time: 2.09859e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 204.275 New_limit: 204.275 L: 128.812 Additional Memory: 75

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 200509116 duration: 59.687 speed: 3.35934e+06 garbage collected: 68268024 speed: 1.14377e+06 heap limit: 204275121 size before gc: 200509116 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.122767 gc_rate: 0.902989, g_bytes: 4.55137e+07, g_time: 3.70732e+08, s_bytes: 1.99356e+08, s_time: 2.20773e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 209.656 New_limit: 209.656 L: 132.241 Additional Memory: 77

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.122689 gc_rate: 0.902989, g_bytes: 4.55447e+07, g_time: 3.71221e+08, s_bytes: 1.99356e+08, s_time: 2.20773e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 209.631 New_limit: 209.631 L: 132.241 Additional Memory: 77

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 207420136 duration: 9.289 speed: 2.23297e+07 garbage collected: 68785700 speed: 7.40507e+06 heap limit: 209630948 size before gc: 207420136 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.121852 gc_rate: 0.886743, g_bytes: 4.70264e+07, g_time: 3.85931e+08, s_bytes: 2.05309e+08, s_time: 2.31531e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 218.322 New_limit: 218.322 L: 138.634 Additional Memory: 79

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.12192 gc_rate: 0.886743, g_bytes: 4.59553e+07, g_time: 3.76929e+08, s_bytes: 2.05309e+08, s_time: 2.31531e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 218.345 New_limit: 218.345 L: 138.634 Additional Memory: 79

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 214449572 duration: 66.932 speed: 3.20399e+06 garbage collected: 72206156 speed: 1.0788e+06 heap limit: 218344624 size before gc: 214449572 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.122164 gc_rate: 0.869643, g_bytes: 4.74483e+07, g_time: 3.88399e+08, s_bytes: 2.11959e+08, s_time: 2.43732e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 223.856 New_limit: 223.856 L: 142.243 Additional Memory: 81

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121905 gc_rate: 0.869643, g_bytes: 4.518e+07, g_time: 3.70616e+08, s_bytes: 2.11959e+08, s_time: 2.43732e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 223.769 New_limit: 223.769 L: 142.243 Additional Memory: 81

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.122102 gc_rate: 0.869643, g_bytes: 4.60435e+07, g_time: 3.7709e+08, s_bytes: 2.11959e+08, s_time: 2.43732e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 223.835 New_limit: 223.835 L: 142.243 Additional Memory: 81

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 220131452 duration: 8.946 speed: 2.46067e+07 garbage collected: 74649868 speed: 8.3445e+06 heap limit: 223835171 size before gc: 220131452 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.120926 gc_rate: 0.889829, g_bytes: 4.76357e+07, g_time: 3.93924e+08, s_bytes: 2.1831e+08, s_time: 2.45339e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 226.662 New_limit: 226.662 L: 145.482 Additional Memory: 81

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121212 gc_rate: 0.889829, g_bytes: 4.72411e+07, g_time: 3.8974e+08, s_bytes: 2.1831e+08, s_time: 2.45339e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 226.758 New_limit: 226.758 L: 145.482 Additional Memory: 81

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 222712556 duration: 1.979 speed: 1.12538e+08 garbage collected: 72295344 speed: 3.65312e+07 heap limit: 226757656 size before gc: 222712556 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.120705 gc_rate: 0.901932, g_bytes: 4.87406e+07, g_time: 4.038e+08, s_bytes: 2.22921e+08, s_time: 2.47159e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 232.332 New_limit: 232.332 L: 150.417 Additional Memory: 81

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.120819 gc_rate: 0.901932, g_bytes: 4.71771e+07, g_time: 3.90479e+08, s_bytes: 2.22921e+08, s_time: 2.47159e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 232.371 New_limit: 232.371 L: 150.417 Additional Memory: 81

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121325 gc_rate: 0.901932, g_bytes: 4.80396e+07, g_time: 3.95958e+08, s_bytes: 2.22921e+08, s_time: 2.47159e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 232.542 New_limit: 232.542 L: 150.417 Additional Memory: 82

gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 228064608 duration: 61.004 speed: 3.73852e+06 garbage collected: 71932796 speed: 1.17915e+06 heap limit: 232542439 size before gc: 228064608 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.121552 gc_rate: 0.946483, g_bytes: 4.952e+07, g_time: 4.07399e+08, s_bytes: 2.27706e+08, s_time: 2.40581e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 237.886 New_limit: 237.886 L: 156.132 Additional Memory: 81

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121723 gc_rate: 0.946483, g_bytes: 4.98595e+07, g_time: 4.09615e+08, s_bytes: 2.27706e+08, s_time: 2.40581e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 237.943 New_limit: 237.943 L: 156.132 Additional Memory: 81

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 233380392 duration: 56.498 speed: 4.13077e+06 garbage collected: 71907592 speed: 1.27275e+06 heap limit: 237943412 size before gc: 233380392 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.121557 gc_rate: 0.944512, g_bytes: 5.1229e+07, g_time: 4.21441e+08, s_bytes: 2.3286e+08, s_time: 2.4654e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 244.702 New_limit: 244.702 L: 161.473 Additional Memory: 83

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.121249 gc_rate: 0.944512, g_bytes: 5.00543e+07, g_time: 4.12824e+08, s_bytes: 2.3286e+08, s_time: 2.4654e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 244.596 New_limit: 244.596 L: 161.473 Additional Memory: 83

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 240055140 duration: 60.824 speed: 3.94672e+06 garbage collected: 74339992 speed: 1.22221e+06 heap limit: 244596299 size before gc: 240055140 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.120702 gc_rate: 0.887112, g_bytes: 5.14807e+07, g_time: 4.2651e+08, s_bytes: 2.38795e+08, s_time: 2.69182e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 252.409 New_limit: 252.409 L: 165.715 Additional Memory: 86

yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.120682 gc_rate: 0.887112, g_bytes: 4.89093e+07, g_time: 4.05275e+08, s_bytes: 2.38795e+08, s_time: 2.69182e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 252.402 New_limit: 252.402 L: 165.715 Additional Memory: 86

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.12102 gc_rate: 0.887112, g_bytes: 4.96201e+07, g_time: 4.10016e+08, s_bytes: 2.38795e+08, s_time: 2.69182e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 252.523 New_limit: 252.523 L: 165.715 Additional Memory: 86

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 247754336 duration: 63.166 speed: 3.92227e+06 garbage collected: 77733656 speed: 1.23062e+06 heap limit: 252523146 size before gc: 247754336 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.120903 gc_rate: 0.957116, g_bytes: 5.1241e+07, g_time: 4.23819e+08, s_bytes: 2.45667e+08, s_time: 2.56674e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 254.632 New_limit: 254.632 L: 170.021 Additional Memory: 84

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121099 gc_rate: 0.957116, g_bytes: 5.0288e+07, g_time: 4.15263e+08, s_bytes: 2.45667e+08, s_time: 2.56674e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 254.7 New_limit: 254.7 L: 170.021 Additional Memory: 84

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 250443112 duration: 76.059 speed: 3.29275e+06 garbage collected: 75072320 speed: 987027 heap limit: 254700198 size before gc: 250443112 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.121122 gc_rate: 0.904409, g_bytes: 5.17948e+07, g_time: 4.27624e+08, s_bytes: 2.50401e+08, s_time: 2.76866e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 263.851 New_limit: 263.851 L: 175.371 Additional Memory: 88

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121146 gc_rate: 0.904409, g_bytes: 4.93013e+07, g_time: 4.06956e+08, s_bytes: 2.50401e+08, s_time: 2.76866e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 263.86 New_limit: 263.86 L: 175.371 Additional Memory: 88

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121504 gc_rate: 0.904409, g_bytes: 5.00126e+07, g_time: 4.11614e+08, s_bytes: 2.50401e+08, s_time: 2.76866e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 263.991 New_limit: 263.991 L: 175.371 Additional Memory: 88

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 260054236 duration: 6.195 speed: 4.19781e+07 garbage collected: 79933392 speed: 1.29029e+07 heap limit: 263990501 size before gc: 260054236 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.120805 gc_rate: 0.890487, g_bytes: 5.17462e+07, g_time: 4.28345e+08, s_bytes: 2.57823e+08, s_time: 2.89531e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 270.371 New_limit: 270.371 L: 180.121 Additional Memory: 90

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.120967 gc_rate: 0.890487, g_bytes: 5.08093e+07, g_time: 4.20027e+08, s_bytes: 2.57823e+08, s_time: 2.89531e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 270.432 New_limit: 270.432 L: 180.121 Additional Memory: 90

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.120735 gc_rate: 0.890487, g_bytes: 5.11955e+07, g_time: 4.24031e+08, s_bytes: 2.57823e+08, s_time: 2.89531e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 270.345 New_limit: 270.345 L: 180.121 Additional Memory: 90

gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 266386732 duration: 8.468 speed: 3.1458e+07 garbage collected: 80836176 speed: 9.54608e+06 heap limit: 270345460 size before gc: 266386732 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.120129 gc_rate: 0.872579, g_bytes: 5.29491e+07, g_time: 4.40767e+08, s_bytes: 2.64827e+08, s_time: 3.03499e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 277.827 New_limit: 277.827 L: 185.551 Additional Memory: 92

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.120622 gc_rate: 0.872579, g_bytes: 5.34929e+07, g_time: 4.43478e+08, s_bytes: 2.64827e+08, s_time: 3.03499e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 278.016 New_limit: 278.016 L: 185.551 Additional Memory: 92

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 272625776 duration: 55.862 speed: 4.88034e+06 garbage collected: 82226132 speed: 1.47195e+06 heap limit: 278016238 size before gc: 272625776 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.120772 gc_rate: 0.757718, g_bytes: 5.51721e+07, g_time: 4.56827e+08, s_bytes: 2.714e+08, s_time: 3.58181e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 290.978 New_limit: 290.978 L: 190.4 Additional Memory: 100

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.120841 gc_rate: 0.757718, g_bytes: 5.38254e+07, g_time: 4.45423e+08, s_bytes: 2.714e+08, s_time: 3.58181e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 291.006 New_limit: 291.006 L: 190.4 Additional Memory: 100

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.12136 gc_rate: 0.757718, g_bytes: 5.43883e+07, g_time: 4.48156e+08, s_bytes: 2.714e+08, s_time: 3.58181e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 291.222 New_limit: 291.222 L: 190.4 Additional Memory: 100

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 285879428 duration: 85.058 speed: 3.36099e+06 garbage collected: 87647404 speed: 1.03044e+06 heap limit: 291221949 size before gc: 285879428 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.1214 gc_rate: 0.732471, g_bytes: 5.64429e+07, g_time: 4.64932e+08, s_bytes: 2.81356e+08, s_time: 3.84119e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 302.882 New_limit: 302.882 L: 198.232 Additional Memory: 104

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121235 gc_rate: 0.732471, g_bytes: 5.57312e+07, g_time: 4.59695e+08, s_bytes: 2.81356e+08, s_time: 3.84119e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 302.811 New_limit: 302.811 L: 198.232 Additional Memory: 104

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121403 gc_rate: 0.732471, g_bytes: 5.60534e+07, g_time: 4.61714e+08, s_bytes: 2.81356e+08, s_time: 3.84119e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 302.884 New_limit: 302.884 L: 198.232 Additional Memory: 104

gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 296927496 duration: 57.341 speed: 5.17828e+06 garbage collected: 93167480 speed: 1.6248e+06 heap limit: 302883563 size before gc: 296927496 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.120942 gc_rate: 0.731707, g_bytes: 5.81855e+07, g_time: 4.81104e+08, s_bytes: 2.92119e+08, s_time: 3.9923e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 309.714 New_limit: 309.714 L: 203.76 Additional Memory: 105

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121275 gc_rate: 0.731707, g_bytes: 5.81782e+07, g_time: 4.79722e+08, s_bytes: 2.92119e+08, s_time: 3.9923e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 309.86 New_limit: 309.86 L: 203.76 Additional Memory: 106

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 304167544 duration: 65.028 speed: 4.67749e+06 garbage collected: 93386488 speed: 1.4361e+06 heap limit: 309860071 size before gc: 304167544 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.121268 gc_rate: 0.857582, g_bytes: 6.02896e+07, g_time: 4.9716e+08, s_bytes: 3.01122e+08, s_time: 3.51129e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 310.457 New_limit: 310.457 L: 210.781 Additional Memory: 99

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.120986 gc_rate: 0.857582, g_bytes: 5.7505e+07, g_time: 4.75303e+08, s_bytes: 3.01122e+08, s_time: 3.51129e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 310.341 New_limit: 310.341 L: 210.781 Additional Memory: 99

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.121205 gc_rate: 0.857582, g_bytes: 5.77595e+07, g_time: 4.76544e+08, s_bytes: 3.01122e+08, s_time: 3.51129e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 310.431 New_limit: 310.431 L: 210.781 Additional Memory: 99

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 307202864 duration: 8.528 speed: 3.60228e+07 garbage collected: 89625664 speed: 1.05096e+07 heap limit: 310431157 size before gc: 307202864 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.119892 gc_rate: 0.878283, g_bytes: 5.96926e+07, g_time: 4.97887e+08, s_bytes: 3.07248e+08, s_time: 3.49829e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 317.077 New_limit: 317.077 L: 217.577 Additional Memory: 99

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.119946 gc_rate: 0.878283, g_bytes: 5.76227e+07, g_time: 4.80407e+08, s_bytes: 3.07248e+08, s_time: 3.49829e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 317.1 New_limit: 317.1 L: 217.577 Additional Memory: 99

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.120456 gc_rate: 0.878283, g_bytes: 5.79866e+07, g_time: 4.81391e+08, s_bytes: 3.07248e+08, s_time: 3.49829e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 317.311 New_limit: 317.311 L: 217.577 Additional Memory: 99

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 312003520 duration: 101.003 speed: 3.08905e+06 garbage collected: 90061228 speed: 891669 heap limit: 317311323 size before gc: 312003520 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.12053 gc_rate: 0.874072, g_bytes: 5.98086e+07, g_time: 4.96215e+08, s_bytes: 3.12407e+08, s_time: 3.57416e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 322.945 New_limit: 322.945 L: 221.942 Additional Memory: 101

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.120431 gc_rate: 0.874072, g_bytes: 5.83948e+07, g_time: 4.84883e+08, s_bytes: 3.12407e+08, s_time: 3.57416e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 322.903 New_limit: 322.903 L: 221.942 Additional Memory: 100

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.120699 gc_rate: 0.874072, g_bytes: 5.86168e+07, g_time: 4.85643e+08, s_bytes: 3.12407e+08, s_time: 3.57416e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 323.016 New_limit: 323.016 L: 221.942 Additional Memory: 101

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 317467104 duration: 82.663 speed: 3.8405e+06 garbage collected: 89721028 speed: 1.08538e+06 heap limit: 323016033 size before gc: 317467104 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.120343 gc_rate: 0.851827, g_bytes: 6.04622e+07, g_time: 5.02414e+08, s_bytes: 3.17765e+08, s_time: 3.73039e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 331.308 New_limit: 331.308 L: 227.746 Additional Memory: 103

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.120251 gc_rate: 0.851827, g_bytes: 5.95958e+07, g_time: 4.95594e+08, s_bytes: 3.17765e+08, s_time: 3.73039e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 331.268 New_limit: 331.268 L: 227.746 Additional Memory: 103

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.120252 gc_rate: 0.851827, g_bytes: 5.96233e+07, g_time: 4.95819e+08, s_bytes: 3.17765e+08, s_time: 3.73039e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 331.269 New_limit: 331.269 L: 227.746 Additional Memory: 103

gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 325321808 duration: 72.533 speed: 4.48516e+06 garbage collected: 92774580 speed: 1.27907e+06 heap limit: 331268805 size before gc: 325321808 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.120003 gc_rate: 0.828313, g_bytes: 6.15209e+07, g_time: 5.12662e+08, s_bytes: 3.24522e+08, s_time: 3.91786e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 338.52 New_limit: 338.52 L: 232.547 Additional Memory: 105

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.120232 gc_rate: 0.828313, g_bytes: 6.13275e+07, g_time: 5.10077e+08, s_bytes: 3.24522e+08, s_time: 3.91786e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 338.621 New_limit: 338.621 L: 232.547 Additional Memory: 106

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 333296724 duration: 11.309 speed: 2.94718e+07 garbage collected: 93826712 speed: 8.29664e+06 heap limit: 338620903 size before gc: 333296724 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.119364 gc_rate: 0.822861, g_bytes: 6.32986e+07, g_time: 5.303e+08, s_bytes: 3.32063e+08, s_time: 4.03548e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 347.076 New_limit: 347.076 L: 239.47 Additional Memory: 107

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.11931 gc_rate: 0.822861, g_bytes: 6.03164e+07, g_time: 5.05546e+08, s_bytes: 3.32063e+08, s_time: 4.03548e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 347.052 New_limit: 347.052 L: 239.47 Additional Memory: 107

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.11972 gc_rate: 0.822861, g_bytes: 6.04913e+07, g_time: 5.05273e+08, s_bytes: 3.32063e+08, s_time: 4.03548e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 347.237 New_limit: 347.237 L: 239.47 Additional Memory: 107

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 341617036 duration: 72.203 speed: 4.73134e+06 garbage collected: 94578068 speed: 1.30989e+06 heap limit: 347236922 size before gc: 341617036 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.11987 gc_rate: 0.832743, g_bytes: 6.25741e+07, g_time: 5.22018e+08, s_bytes: 3.39655e+08, s_time: 4.07875e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 355.912 New_limit: 355.912 L: 247.039 Additional Memory: 108

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.119535 gc_rate: 0.832743, g_bytes: 6.00144e+07, g_time: 5.02066e+08, s_bytes: 3.39655e+08, s_time: 4.07875e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 355.76 New_limit: 355.76 L: 247.039 Additional Memory: 108

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.119844 gc_rate: 0.832743, g_bytes: 6.01575e+07, g_time: 5.01967e+08, s_bytes: 3.39655e+08, s_time: 4.07875e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 355.9 New_limit: 355.9 L: 247.039 Additional Memory: 108

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 351572360 duration: 2.708 speed: 1.29827e+08 garbage collected: 98770924 speed: 3.64738e+07 heap limit: 355900398 size before gc: 351572360 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.118623 gc_rate: 0.835375, g_bytes: 6.23763e+07, g_time: 5.25838e+08, s_bytes: 3.48595e+08, s_time: 4.17292e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 362.19 New_limit: 362.19 L: 252.801 Additional Memory: 109

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.118683 gc_rate: 0.835375, g_bytes: 6.01248e+07, g_time: 5.06599e+08, s_bytes: 3.48595e+08, s_time: 4.17292e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 362.218 New_limit: 362.218 L: 252.801 Additional Memory: 109

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.119184 gc_rate: 0.835375, g_bytes: 6.03397e+07, g_time: 5.06272e+08, s_bytes: 3.48595e+08, s_time: 4.17292e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 362.449 New_limit: 362.449 L: 252.801 Additional Memory: 109

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 359198732 duration: 13.025 speed: 2.75776e+07 garbage collected: 97867204 speed: 7.5138e+06 heap limit: 362448784 size before gc: 359198732 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.118557 gc_rate: 0.832705, g_bytes: 6.26425e+07, g_time: 5.28377e+08, s_bytes: 3.56946e+08, s_time: 4.28658e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 372.698 New_limit: 372.698 L: 261.332 Additional Memory: 111

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.118577 gc_rate: 0.832705, g_bytes: 6.05866e+07, g_time: 5.10947e+08, s_bytes: 3.56946e+08, s_time: 4.28658e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 372.707 New_limit: 372.707 L: 261.332 Additional Memory: 111

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.119045 gc_rate: 0.832705, g_bytes: 6.07608e+07, g_time: 5.10404e+08, s_bytes: 3.56946e+08, s_time: 4.28658e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 372.926 New_limit: 372.926 L: 261.332 Additional Memory: 111

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 367164096 duration: 95.516 speed: 3.84401e+06 garbage collected: 100125120 speed: 1.04825e+06 heap limit: 372926467 size before gc: 367164096 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.119127 gc_rate: 0.820253, g_bytes: 6.30144e+07, g_time: 5.28967e+08, s_bytes: 3.65084e+08, s_time: 4.45087e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 380.738 New_limit: 380.738 L: 267.039 Additional Memory: 113

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.118945 gc_rate: 0.820253, g_bytes: 6.0978e+07, g_time: 5.12657e+08, s_bytes: 3.65084e+08, s_time: 4.45087e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 380.651 New_limit: 380.651 L: 267.039 Additional Memory: 113

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.119308 gc_rate: 0.820253, g_bytes: 6.10892e+07, g_time: 5.12027e+08, s_bytes: 3.65084e+08, s_time: 4.45087e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 380.825 New_limit: 380.825 L: 267.039 Additional Memory: 113

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 373944896 duration: 78.688 speed: 4.75225e+06 garbage collected: 102201448 speed: 1.29882e+06 heap limit: 380824821 size before gc: 373944896 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.119039 gc_rate: 0.741487, g_bytes: 6.338e+07, g_time: 5.32432e+08, s_bytes: 3.72885e+08, s_time: 5.02888e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 392.333 New_limit: 392.333 L: 271.743 Additional Memory: 120

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.119027 gc_rate: 0.741487, g_bytes: 6.14196e+07, g_time: 5.16013e+08, s_bytes: 3.72885e+08, s_time: 5.02888e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 392.328 New_limit: 392.328 L: 271.743 Additional Memory: 120

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.119327 gc_rate: 0.741487, g_bytes: 6.14792e+07, g_time: 5.15216e+08, s_bytes: 3.72885e+08, s_time: 5.02888e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 392.479 New_limit: 392.479 L: 271.743 Additional Memory: 120

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 385463244 duration: 98.672 speed: 3.90651e+06 garbage collected: 106588860 speed: 1.08023e+06 heap limit: 392479420 size before gc: 385463244 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.119186 gc_rate: 0.704403, g_bytes: 6.40912e+07, g_time: 5.37741e+08, s_bytes: 3.82688e+08, s_time: 5.4328e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 404.288 New_limit: 404.288 L: 278.874 Additional Memory: 125

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.119037 gc_rate: 0.704403, g_bytes: 6.16426e+07, g_time: 5.17843e+08, s_bytes: 3.82688e+08, s_time: 5.4328e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 404.21 New_limit: 404.21 L: 278.874 Additional Memory: 125

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.119467 gc_rate: 0.704403, g_bytes: 6.17591e+07, g_time: 5.16954e+08, s_bytes: 3.82688e+08, s_time: 5.4328e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 404.436 New_limit: 404.436 L: 278.874 Additional Memory: 125

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 397743516 duration: 123.835 speed: 3.21188e+06 garbage collected: 109436004 speed: 883724 heap limit: 404436139 size before gc: 397743516 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.119381 gc_rate: 0.768819, g_bytes: 6.46146e+07, g_time: 5.41248e+08, s_bytes: 3.9368e+08, s_time: 5.12057e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 410.466 New_limit: 410.466 L: 288.308 Additional Memory: 122

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.119326 gc_rate: 0.768819, g_bytes: 6.14348e+07, g_time: 5.14848e+08, s_bytes: 3.9368e+08, s_time: 5.12057e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 410.438 New_limit: 410.438 L: 288.308 Additional Memory: 122

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.119388 gc_rate: 0.768819, g_bytes: 6.13786e+07, g_time: 5.1411e+08, s_bytes: 3.9368e+08, s_time: 5.12057e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 410.469 New_limit: 410.469 L: 288.308 Additional Memory: 122

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.119495 gc_rate: 0.768819, g_bytes: 6.13498e+07, g_time: 5.13407e+08, s_bytes: 3.9368e+08, s_time: 5.12057e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 410.524 New_limit: 410.524 L: 288.308 Additional Memory: 122

gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 403903600 duration: 105.727 speed: 3.82025e+06 garbage collected: 108565172 speed: 1.02684e+06 heap limit: 410524271 size before gc: 403903600 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.119211 gc_rate: 0.873498, g_bytes: 6.40621e+07, g_time: 5.37384e+08, s_bytes: 4.02152e+08, s_time: 4.60392e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 411.25 New_limit: 411.25 L: 295.338 Additional Memory: 115

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.119175 gc_rate: 0.873498, g_bytes: 6.33124e+07, g_time: 5.31254e+08, s_bytes: 4.02152e+08, s_time: 4.60392e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 411.233 New_limit: 411.233 L: 295.338 Additional Memory: 115

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.119585 gc_rate: 0.873498, g_bytes: 6.33437e+07, g_time: 5.29696e+08, s_bytes: 4.02152e+08, s_time: 4.60392e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 411.432 New_limit: 411.432 L: 295.338 Additional Memory: 116

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 406396012 duration: 11.581 speed: 3.50916e+07 garbage collected: 105185408 speed: 9.08258e+06 heap limit: 411431658 size before gc: 406396012 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.118342 gc_rate: 0.844808, g_bytes: 6.57294e+07, g_time: 5.55417e+08, s_bytes: 4.07608e+08, s_time: 4.82487e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 419.805 New_limit: 419.805 L: 301.211 Additional Memory: 118

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.118422 gc_rate: 0.844808, g_bytes: 6.46119e+07, g_time: 5.45609e+08, s_bytes: 4.07608e+08, s_time: 4.82487e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 419.845 New_limit: 419.845 L: 301.211 Additional Memory: 118

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.118666 gc_rate: 0.844808, g_bytes: 6.44754e+07, g_time: 5.43333e+08, s_bytes: 4.07608e+08, s_time: 4.82487e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 419.968 New_limit: 419.968 L: 301.211 Additional Memory: 118

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 415921148 duration: 3.242 speed: 1.28292e+08 garbage collected: 106026592 speed: 3.27041e+07 heap limit: 419967697 size before gc: 415921148 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.11765 gc_rate: 0.833864, g_bytes: 6.69872e+07, g_time: 5.69377e+08, s_bytes: 4.15151e+08, s_time: 4.97864e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 430.619 New_limit: 430.619 L: 309.895 Additional Memory: 120

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.117716 gc_rate: 0.833864, g_bytes: 6.53921e+07, g_time: 5.55508e+08, s_bytes: 4.15151e+08, s_time: 4.97864e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 430.653 New_limit: 430.653 L: 309.895 Additional Memory: 120

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.118061 gc_rate: 0.833864, g_bytes: 6.52566e+07, g_time: 5.52737e+08, s_bytes: 4.15151e+08, s_time: 4.97864e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 430.829 New_limit: 430.829 L: 309.895 Additional Memory: 120

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
826626_140207865254664 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 425053460 duration: 10.7 speed: 3.97246e+07 garbage collected: 109404440 speed: 1.02247e+07 heap limit: 430829452 size before gc: 425053460 guid: 826626_140207865254664
allocation_rate: 0.117063 gc_rate: 0.803597, g_bytes: 6.77517e+07, g_time: 5.78764e+08, s_bytes: 4.23722e+08, s_time: 5.27282e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 439.452 New_limit: 439.452 L: 315.649 Additional Memory: 123

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.117127 gc_rate: 0.803597, g_bytes: 6.56188e+07, g_time: 5.60234e+08, s_bytes: 4.23722e+08, s_time: 5.27282e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 439.486 New_limit: 439.486 L: 315.649 Additional Memory: 123

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
Segmentation fault (core dumped)
