5
--benchmark=all
--heap-size=10000000000
--log-path=log/2023-04-24-20-38-01/2023-04-24-20-38-01/2023-04-24-20-38-01/2023-04-24-20-39-55/v8_log
Running All Benchmark
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 34085400 duration: 1.026 speed: 3.32216e+07 garbage collected: 5946588 speed: 5.79589e+06 heap limit: 31326008 size before gc: 34085400 guid: 824817_139826284253960
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabledyg_balancer flag disabled

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 34519616 duration: 1.836 speed: 1.88015e+07 garbage collected: 6442764 speed: 3.50913e+06 heap limit: 31326008 size before gc: 34519616 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.176743 gc_rate: 0.181283, g_bytes: 1.65563e+06, g_time: 9.36745e+06, s_bytes: 1.70257e+07, s_time: 9.3918e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 65.0726 New_limit: 65.0726 L: 28.0769 Additional Memory: 36

yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 16552200 duration: 1.44 speed: 1.14946e+07 garbage collected: 11055752 speed: 7.67761e+06 heap limit: 16488868 size before gc: 16552200 guid: 824817_139826150036232
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 21525392 duration: 19.574 speed: 1.09969e+06 garbage collected: 2845576 speed: 145375 heap limit: 20934805 size before gc: 21525392 guid: 824817_139826082927368
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 16759004 duration: 0.951 speed: 1.76225e+07 garbage collected: 10794736 speed: 1.13509e+07 heap limit: 16488868 size before gc: 16759004 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0526191 gc_rate: 1.91672, g_bytes: 824209, g_time: 1.56637e+07, s_bytes: 8.57829e+06, s_time: 4.4755e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 8.82552 New_limit: 8.82552 L: 5.96427 Additional Memory: 2

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 21855048 duration: 18.748 speed: 1.16573e+06 garbage collected: 401748 speed: 21428.8 heap limit: 20934805 size before gc: 21855048 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0645881 gc_rate: 0.298192, g_bytes: 1.04605e+06, g_time: 1.61958e+07, s_bytes: 1.05482e+07, s_time: 3.5374e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 36.696 New_limit: 36.696 L: 21.4533 Additional Memory: 15

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 9486224 duration: 4.85 speed: 1.95592e+06 garbage collected: 1282456 speed: 264424 heap limit: 8825517 size before gc: 9486224 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0560199 gc_rate: 1.14513, g_bytes: 959096, g_time: 1.71206e+07, s_bytes: 8.77488e+06, s_time: 7.66275e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 12.6833 New_limit: 12.6833 L: 8.20377 Additional Memory: 4

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 67655168 duration: 1.292 speed: 5.23647e+07 garbage collected: 39283120 speed: 3.04049e+07 heap limit: 65072636 size before gc: 67655168 guid: 824817_139826284253960
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.199626 gc_rate: 0.449466, g_bytes: 3.55177e+06, g_time: 1.77921e+07, s_bytes: 4.20723e+07, s_time: 9.3605e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 53.473 New_limit: 53.473 L: 28.372 Additional Memory: 25

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 13110388 duration: 0.841 speed: 1.5589e+07 garbage collected: 6809796 speed: 8.09726e+06 heap limit: 12683319 size before gc: 13110388 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0613865 gc_rate: 1.72856, g_bytes: 1.15647e+06, g_time: 1.88392e+07, s_bytes: 1.08068e+07, s_time: 6.25188e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 9.64538 New_limit: 9.64538 L: 6.30059 Additional Memory: 3

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 10481576 duration: 1.026 speed: 1.0216e+07 garbage collected: 3440260 speed: 3.35308e+06 heap limit: 9645385 size before gc: 10481576 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.065763 gc_rate: 1.46456, g_bytes: 1.3077e+06, g_time: 1.9885e+07, s_bytes: 1.04554e+07, s_time: 7.13894e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 11.0173 New_limit: 11.0173 L: 7.04132 Additional Memory: 3

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 57084044 duration: 1.838 speed: 3.10577e+07 garbage collected: 28575932 speed: 1.55473e+07 heap limit: 53473004 size before gc: 57084044 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.206123 gc_rate: 0.525225, g_bytes: 4.80978e+06, g_time: 2.33345e+07, s_bytes: 4.92248e+07, s_time: 9.37215e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 52.1597 New_limit: 52.1597 L: 28.5081 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 11541992 duration: 2.073 speed: 5.56777e+06 garbage collected: 5295992 speed: 2.55475e+06 heap limit: 11017336 size before gc: 11541992 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0686647 gc_rate: 1.76696, g_bytes: 1.46735e+06, g_time: 2.13697e+07, s_bytes: 1.0789e+07, s_time: 6.10597e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 9.72969 New_limit: 9.72969 L: 6.246 Additional Memory: 3

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 10560584 duration: 1.385 speed: 7.62497e+06 garbage collected: 4115616 speed: 2.97156e+06 heap limit: 9729691 size before gc: 10560584 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.071935 gc_rate: 1.81066, g_bytes: 1.60971e+06, g_time: 2.23773e+07, s_bytes: 1.04031e+07, s_time: 5.74548e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 10.023 New_limit: 10.023 L: 6.44497 Additional Memory: 3

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 10392180 duration: 8.598 speed: 1.20867e+06 garbage collected: 3792304 speed: 441068 heap limit: 10023021 size before gc: 10392180 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0744753 gc_rate: 0.92017, g_bytes: 1.72658e+06, g_time: 2.31833e+07, s_bytes: 1.02799e+07, s_time: 1.11717e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 11.7679 New_limit: 11.7679 L: 6.59988 Additional Memory: 5

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 55227588 duration: 1.245 speed: 4.43595e+07 garbage collected: 26855540 speed: 2.15707e+07 heap limit: 52159671 size before gc: 55227588 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.209279 gc_rate: 0.552455, g_bytes: 5.90526e+06, g_time: 2.82171e+07, s_bytes: 5.19216e+07, s_time: 9.39833e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.5537 New_limit: 51.5537 L: 28.372 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.20672 gc_rate: 0.552455, g_bytes: 5.73917e+06, g_time: 2.7763e+07, s_bytes: 5.19216e+07, s_time: 9.39833e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.4116 New_limit: 51.4116 L: 28.372 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 12388316 duration: 5.066 speed: 2.44538e+06 garbage collected: 4275612 speed: 843982 heap limit: 11767908 size before gc: 12388316 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0757794 gc_rate: 0.9646, g_bytes: 1.92968e+06, g_time: 2.54644e+07, s_bytes: 1.12076e+07, s_time: 1.16189e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 13.7578 New_limit: 13.7578 L: 8.1127 Additional Memory: 5

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.07619 gc_rate: 0.9646, g_bytes: 1.90233e+06, g_time: 2.49682e+07, s_bytes: 1.12076e+07, s_time: 1.16189e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 13.7731 New_limit: 13.7731 L: 8.1127 Additional Memory: 5

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53967644 duration: 1.679 speed: 3.21427e+07 garbage collected: 25725264 speed: 1.53218e+07 heap limit: 51411555 size before gc: 53967644 guid: 824817_139826284253960
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.209104 gc_rate: 0.561826, g_bytes: 6.73199e+06, g_time: 3.21944e+07, s_bytes: 5.27168e+07, s_time: 9.38311e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.1677 New_limit: 51.1677 L: 28.2424 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 14267848 duration: 3.793 speed: 3.76163e+06 garbage collected: 7081984 speed: 1.86712e+06 heap limit: 13773051 size before gc: 14267848 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0772866 gc_rate: 1.13167, g_bytes: 2.11497e+06, g_time: 2.73652e+07, s_bytes: 1.26814e+07, s_time: 1.12059e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 12.1394 New_limit: 12.1394 L: 7.18586 Additional Memory: 4

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 37510612 duration: 2.553 speed: 1.46928e+07 garbage collected: 28393252 speed: 1.11215e+07 heap limit: 36695951 size before gc: 37510612 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0478262 gc_rate: 1.13434, g_bytes: 1.79662e+06, g_time: 3.75655e+07, s_bytes: 2.37798e+07, s_time: 2.09635e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 13.5015 New_limit: 13.5015 L: 9.11736 Additional Memory: 4

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.048143 gc_rate: 1.13434, g_bytes: 1.74425e+06, g_time: 3.62306e+07, s_bytes: 2.37798e+07, s_time: 2.09635e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 13.516 New_limit: 13.516 L: 9.11736 Additional Memory: 4

yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 12278660 duration: 3.225 speed: 3.80734e+06 garbage collected: 4386284 speed: 1.36009e+06 heap limit: 12139418 size before gc: 12278660 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0788438 gc_rate: 1.28557, g_bytes: 2.26386e+06, g_time: 2.87132e+07, s_bytes: 1.249e+07, s_time: 9.71547e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 12.8119 New_limit: 12.8119 L: 7.89238 Additional Memory: 4

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 53700748 duration: 1.254 speed: 4.28236e+07 garbage collected: 25584768 speed: 2.04025e+07 heap limit: 51167728 size before gc: 53700748 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.209255 gc_rate: 0.57008, g_bytes: 7.66831e+06, g_time: 3.66458e+07, s_bytes: 5.30417e+07, s_time: 9.30426e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.832 New_limit: 50.832 L: 28.116 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 14665052 duration: 18.25 speed: 803564 garbage collected: 554964 speed: 30409 heap limit: 13515952 size before gc: 14665052 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0522976 gc_rate: 0.684132, g_bytes: 1.93442e+06, g_time: 3.69887e+07, s_bytes: 1.88867e+07, s_time: 2.76067e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 21.4539 New_limit: 21.4539 L: 14.1101 Additional Memory: 7

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 13037252 duration: 8.459 speed: 1.54123e+06 garbage collected: 3875584 speed: 458161 heap limit: 12811908 size before gc: 13037252 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0807292 gc_rate: 0.81165, g_bytes: 2.40791e+06, g_time: 2.9827e+07, s_bytes: 1.26514e+07, s_time: 1.55872e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 15.9117 New_limit: 15.9117 L: 9.16167 Additional Memory: 6

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 22171632 duration: 12.467 speed: 1.77843e+06 garbage collected: 360164 speed: 28889.4 heap limit: 21453883 size before gc: 22171632 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0589297 gc_rate: 0.602639, g_bytes: 2.24078e+06, g_time: 3.80246e+07, s_bytes: 2.02106e+07, s_time: 3.35369e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 32.1383 New_limit: 32.1383 L: 21.8115 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 17976616 duration: 4.802 speed: 3.74357e+06 garbage collected: 7363024 speed: 1.53332e+06 heap limit: 15911659 size before gc: 17976616 guid: 824817_139826150036232
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0809859 gc_rate: 1.10256, g_bytes: 2.72826e+06, g_time: 3.36881e+07, s_bytes: 1.50991e+07, s_time: 1.36946e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 16.857 New_limit: 16.857 L: 10.6136 Additional Memory: 6

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54043068 duration: 1.943 speed: 2.78142e+07 garbage collected: 25530404 speed: 1.31397e+07 heap limit: 50831955 size before gc: 54043068 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.208483 gc_rate: 0.571363, g_bytes: 8.58125e+06, g_time: 4.11605e+07, s_bytes: 5.31327e+07, s_time: 9.29928e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.3204 New_limit: 51.3204 L: 28.5127 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 16974164 duration: 6.897 speed: 2.46109e+06 garbage collected: 6951972 speed: 1.00797e+06 heap limit: 16856985 size before gc: 16974164 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0817812 gc_rate: 1.20557, g_bytes: 2.90988e+06, g_time: 3.55813e+07, s_bytes: 1.60291e+07, s_time: 1.32958e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 15.8526 New_limit: 15.8526 L: 10.0222 Additional Memory: 5

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabledyg_balancer flag disabled

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54558240 duration: 2.531 speed: 2.1556e+07 garbage collected: 26127624 speed: 1.0323e+07 heap limit: 51320418 size before gc: 54558240 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.209186 gc_rate: 0.555977, g_bytes: 9.45446e+06, g_time: 4.51964e+07, s_bytes: 5.35194e+07, s_time: 9.62619e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.5574 New_limit: 51.5574 L: 28.4306 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.20975 gc_rate: 0.555977, g_bytes: 9.2721e+06, g_time: 4.42055e+07, s_bytes: 5.35194e+07, s_time: 9.62619e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.5886 New_limit: 51.5886 L: 28.4306 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 16355628 duration: 4.622 speed: 3.53865e+06 garbage collected: 7184704 speed: 1.55446e+06 heap limit: 15852561 size before gc: 16355628 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0809187 gc_rate: 1.27803, g_bytes: 3.08106e+06, g_time: 3.80759e+07, s_bytes: 1.59229e+07, s_time: 1.24589e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 14.5591 New_limit: 14.5591 L: 9.17092 Additional Memory: 5

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0819291 gc_rate: 1.27803, g_bytes: 3.13367e+06, g_time: 3.82486e+07, s_bytes: 1.59229e+07, s_time: 1.24589e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 14.5927 New_limit: 14.5927 L: 9.17092 Additional Memory: 5

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 15192860 duration: 8.8 speed: 1.72646e+06 garbage collected: 4292016 speed: 487729 heap limit: 14592679 size before gc: 15192860 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.083748 gc_rate: 1.01184, g_bytes: 3.27809e+06, g_time: 3.91423e+07, s_bytes: 1.53086e+07, s_time: 1.51295e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 17.6174 New_limit: 17.6174 L: 10.9008 Additional Memory: 6

yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 33314824 duration: 2.223 speed: 1.49864e+07 garbage collected: 23974520 speed: 1.07848e+07 heap limit: 32138267 size before gc: 33314824 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0536174 gc_rate: 1.33237, g_bytes: 2.7039e+06, g_time: 5.04296e+07, s_bytes: 2.64874e+07, s_time: 1.98799e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 13.6755 New_limit: 13.6755 L: 9.3403 Additional Memory: 4

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54092900 duration: 1.257 speed: 4.30333e+07 garbage collected: 25782572 speed: 2.05112e+07 heap limit: 51588608 size before gc: 54092900 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.210577 gc_rate: 0.539304, g_bytes: 1.00916e+07, g_time: 4.79237e+07, s_bytes: 5.3531e+07, s_time: 9.92594e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.8199 New_limit: 51.8199 L: 28.3103 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 14475468 duration: 4.596 speed: 3.14958e+06 garbage collected: 569220 speed: 123851 heap limit: 13675474 size before gc: 14475468 guid: 824817_139826082927368
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0571212 gc_rate: 1.16936, g_bytes: 2.82547e+06, g_time: 4.94644e+07, s_bytes: 2.01573e+07, s_time: 1.7238e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 19.7342 New_limit: 19.7342 L: 13.9062 Additional Memory: 5

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0604473 gc_rate: 1.16936, g_bytes: 2.98265e+06, g_time: 4.93431e+07, s_bytes: 2.01573e+07, s_time: 1.7238e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 19.9015 New_limit: 19.9015 L: 13.9062 Additional Memory: 5

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 20692044 duration: 11.331 speed: 1.82614e+06 garbage collected: 288504 speed: 25461.5 heap limit: 19901461 size before gc: 20692044 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0648836 gc_rate: 0.807883, g_bytes: 3.17281e+06, g_time: 4.89e+07, s_bytes: 2.0023e+07, s_time: 2.47845e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 29.4553 New_limit: 29.4553 L: 20.4035 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 17976696 duration: 6.696 speed: 2.68469e+06 garbage collected: 7052600 speed: 1.05326e+06 heap limit: 17617398 size before gc: 17976696 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0829374 gc_rate: 1.01146, g_bytes: 3.46798e+06, g_time: 4.18144e+07, s_bytes: 1.66007e+07, s_time: 1.64127e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 17.6165 New_limit: 17.6165 L: 10.9241 Additional Memory: 6

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54809236 duration: 1.238 speed: 4.42724e+07 garbage collected: 26626780 speed: 2.15079e+07 heap limit: 51819950 size before gc: 54809236 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.211519 gc_rate: 0.563652, g_bytes: 1.0912e+07, g_time: 5.15886e+07, s_bytes: 5.39689e+07, s_time: 9.57487e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.178 New_limit: 51.178 L: 28.1825 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 17593340 duration: 4.58 speed: 3.84134e+06 garbage collected: 7274840 speed: 1.58839e+06 heap limit: 17616458 size before gc: 17593340 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.083442 gc_rate: 1.06829, g_bytes: 3.62804e+06, g_time: 4.34798e+07, s_bytes: 1.70888e+07, s_time: 1.59964e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 16.6666 New_limit: 16.6666 L: 10.3185 Additional Memory: 6

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 30789916 duration: 2.275 speed: 1.3534e+07 garbage collected: 2384556 speed: 1.04816e+06 heap limit: 29455259 size before gc: 30789916 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0674893 gc_rate: 0.548226, g_bytes: 3.53349e+06, g_time: 5.23562e+07, s_bytes: 2.49606e+07, s_time: 4.55297e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.6281 New_limit: 41.6281 L: 28.4054 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 17192524 duration: 3.558 speed: 4.83208e+06 garbage collected: 6135948 speed: 1.72455e+06 heap limit: 16666556 size before gc: 17192524 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0841374 gc_rate: 1.08827, g_bytes: 3.79034e+06, g_time: 4.50494e+07, s_bytes: 1.71698e+07, s_time: 1.57772e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 17.5942 New_limit: 17.5942 L: 11.0566 Additional Memory: 6

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53654788 duration: 1.547 speed: 3.46831e+07 garbage collected: 25474372 speed: 1.64669e+07 heap limit: 51178007 size before gc: 53654788 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.212416 gc_rate: 0.56929, g_bytes: 1.164e+07, g_time: 5.4798e+07, s_bytes: 5.35975e+07, s_time: 9.41479e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.1094 New_limit: 51.1094 L: 28.1804 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 18276236 duration: 7.25 speed: 2.52086e+06 garbage collected: 5158220 speed: 711479 heap limit: 17594231 size before gc: 18276236 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0844173 gc_rate: 0.897016, g_bytes: 3.9618e+06, g_time: 4.69312e+07, s_bytes: 1.7504e+07, s_time: 1.95136e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 20.9746 New_limit: 20.9746 L: 13.118 Additional Memory: 7

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53839256 duration: 1.343 speed: 4.00888e+07 garbage collected: 25535336 speed: 1.90137e+07 heap limit: 51109449 size before gc: 53839256 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.213655 gc_rate: 0.570091, g_bytes: 1.23409e+07, g_time: 5.7761e+07, s_bytes: 5.34434e+07, s_time: 9.37454e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.3339 New_limit: 51.3339 L: 28.3039 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.215858 gc_rate: 0.570091, g_bytes: 1.23893e+07, g_time: 5.73956e+07, s_bytes: 5.34434e+07, s_time: 9.37454e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.4523 New_limit: 51.4523 L: 28.3039 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 21103424 duration: 5.53 speed: 3.81617e+06 garbage collected: 9923160 speed: 1.79442e+06 heap limit: 20974619 size before gc: 21103424 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.085122 gc_rate: 0.94438, g_bytes: 4.16298e+06, g_time: 4.89061e+07, s_bytes: 1.93804e+07, s_time: 2.05218e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 18.2786 New_limit: 18.2786 L: 11.1803 Additional Memory: 7

yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 42557016 duration: 9.371 speed: 4.54135e+06 garbage collected: 21978424 speed: 2.34537e+06 heap limit: 41628146 size before gc: 42557016 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0673555 gc_rate: 0.835112, g_bytes: 4.0644e+06, g_time: 6.03424e+07, s_bytes: 3.3363e+07, s_time: 3.99504e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 29.6884 New_limit: 29.6884 L: 20.5786 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0832685 gc_rate: 0.94438, g_bytes: 4.02419e+06, g_time: 4.83278e+07, s_bytes: 1.93804e+07, s_time: 2.05218e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 18.2009 New_limit: 18.2009 L: 11.1803 Additional Memory: 7

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 55039276 duration: 1.343 speed: 4.09823e+07 garbage collected: 26539520 speed: 1.97614e+07 heap limit: 51452283 size before gc: 55039276 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216674 gc_rate: 0.57923, g_bytes: 1.31066e+07, g_time: 6.04899e+07, s_bytes: 5.3894e+07, s_time: 9.30442e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.5876 New_limit: 51.5876 L: 28.4998 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 18702388 duration: 8.752 speed: 2.13693e+06 garbage collected: 6666584 speed: 761721 heap limit: 18200925 size before gc: 18702388 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.082827 gc_rate: 0.869341, g_bytes: 4.19908e+06, g_time: 5.0697e+07, s_bytes: 1.88098e+07, s_time: 2.16369e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 19.6079 New_limit: 19.6079 L: 12.0358 Additional Memory: 7

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 31025000 duration: 2.373 speed: 1.30742e+07 garbage collected: 2475708 speed: 1.04328e+06 heap limit: 29688355 size before gc: 31025000 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0698009 gc_rate: 0.608989, g_bytes: 4.3835e+06, g_time: 6.28e+07, s_bytes: 3.17659e+07, s_time: 5.21617e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.3404 New_limit: 41.3404 L: 28.5493 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0682112 gc_rate: 0.608989, g_bytes: 4.21157e+06, g_time: 6.17431e+07, s_bytes: 3.17659e+07, s_time: 5.21617e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.1939 New_limit: 41.1939 L: 28.5493 Additional Memory: 12

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54303388 duration: 1.47 speed: 3.69411e+07 garbage collected: 25808204 speed: 1.75566e+07 heap limit: 51587588 size before gc: 54303388 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216946 gc_rate: 0.579359, g_bytes: 1.37414e+07, g_time: 6.33403e+07, s_bytes: 5.37396e+07, s_time: 9.27571e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.5931 New_limit: 51.5931 L: 28.4952 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 19870616 duration: 16.806 speed: 1.18235e+06 garbage collected: 7791356 speed: 463606 heap limit: 19607854 size before gc: 19870616 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.083107 gc_rate: 0.726794, g_bytes: 4.38087e+06, g_time: 5.27136e+07, s_bytes: 1.9421e+07, s_time: 2.67214e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 20.3896 New_limit: 20.3896 L: 12.0793 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53939524 duration: 1.468 speed: 3.67435e+07 garbage collected: 25821416 speed: 1.75895e+07 heap limit: 51593108 size before gc: 53939524 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218416 gc_rate: 0.598838, g_bytes: 1.43266e+07, g_time: 6.5593e+07, s_bytes: 5.36634e+07, s_time: 8.96126e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.7628 New_limit: 50.7628 L: 28.1181 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 41954604 duration: 7.838 speed: 5.35272e+06 garbage collected: 21940316 speed: 2.79922e+06 heap limit: 41193912 size before gc: 41954604 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0686227 gc_rate: 0.810912, g_bytes: 4.67126e+06, g_time: 6.80716e+07, s_bytes: 3.64909e+07, s_time: 4.49998e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 29.2167 New_limit: 29.2167 L: 20.0143 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 20325784 duration: 7.025 speed: 2.89335e+06 garbage collected: 7398360 speed: 1.05315e+06 heap limit: 20389587 size before gc: 20325784 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0833504 gc_rate: 0.75689, g_bytes: 4.57415e+06, g_time: 5.48786e+07, s_bytes: 1.99616e+07, s_time: 2.63732e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 21.3642 New_limit: 21.3642 L: 12.9274 Additional Memory: 8

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabledyg_balancer flag disabled

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53527280 duration: 1.933 speed: 2.76913e+07 garbage collected: 25402036 speed: 1.31412e+07 heap limit: 50762777 size before gc: 53527280 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218376 gc_rate: 0.608704, g_bytes: 1.48807e+07, g_time: 6.81425e+07, s_bytes: 5.34276e+07, s_time: 8.77728e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.5864 New_limit: 50.5864 L: 28.1252 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 21557968 duration: 10.421 speed: 2.0687e+06 garbage collected: 7256704 speed: 696354 heap limit: 21364237 size before gc: 21557968 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0842554 gc_rate: 0.786824, g_bytes: 4.77697e+06, g_time: 5.66963e+07, s_bytes: 2.07699e+07, s_time: 2.63971e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 23.0518 New_limit: 23.0518 L: 14.3013 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 30655072 duration: 1.757 speed: 1.74474e+07 garbage collected: 2149444 speed: 1.22336e+06 heap limit: 29216706 size before gc: 30655072 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0707268 gc_rate: 0.647316, g_bytes: 4.96973e+06, g_time: 7.02667e+07, s_bytes: 3.32581e+07, s_time: 5.13784e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 40.9848 New_limit: 40.9848 L: 28.5056 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.218405 gc_rate: 0.608704, g_bytes: 1.50402e+07, g_time: 6.88638e+07, s_bytes: 5.34276e+07, s_time: 8.77728e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.5879 New_limit: 50.5879 L: 28.1252 Additional Memory: 22

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 23463900 duration: 15.606 speed: 1.50352e+06 garbage collected: 9457948 speed: 606046 heap limit: 23051755 size before gc: 23463900 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.085339 gc_rate: 0.758387, g_bytes: 4.99626e+06, g_time: 5.8546e+07, s_bytes: 2.19944e+07, s_time: 2.90016e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 22.883 New_limit: 22.883 L: 14.006 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 53783776 duration: 2.057 speed: 2.61467e+07 garbage collected: 25414124 speed: 1.23549e+07 heap limit: 50587903 size before gc: 53783776 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217721 gc_rate: 0.609788, g_bytes: 1.55711e+07, g_time: 7.15188e+07, s_bytes: 5.33046e+07, s_time: 8.74149e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.8743 New_limit: 50.8743 L: 28.3697 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.0851594 gc_rate: 0.758387, g_bytes: 4.78378e+06, g_time: 5.61744e+07, s_bytes: 2.19944e+07, s_time: 2.90016e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 22.8737 New_limit: 22.8737 L: 14.006 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 41885384 duration: 18.849 speed: 2.22215e+06 garbage collected: 21948840 speed: 1.16446e+06 heap limit: 40984752 size before gc: 41885384 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0715971 gc_rate: 0.852916, g_bytes: 5.39023e+06, g_time: 7.52857e+07, s_bytes: 3.71988e+07, s_time: 4.36137e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 29.0841 New_limit: 29.0841 L: 19.9365 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 22684244 duration: 10.493 speed: 2.16185e+06 garbage collected: 8257584 speed: 786961 heap limit: 22873677 size before gc: 22684244 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0852232 gc_rate: 0.791677, g_bytes: 4.97851e+06, g_time: 5.84172e+07, s_bytes: 2.23627e+07, s_time: 2.82473e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 23.2386 New_limit: 23.2386 L: 14.4267 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53602040 duration: 1.419 speed: 3.77745e+07 garbage collected: 25671316 speed: 1.80911e+07 heap limit: 50874293 size before gc: 53602040 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217859 gc_rate: 0.596979, g_bytes: 1.60542e+07, g_time: 7.36905e+07, s_bytes: 5.338e+07, s_time: 8.94169e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.5061 New_limit: 50.5061 L: 27.9307 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0733006 gc_rate: 0.852916, g_bytes: 5.39788e+06, g_time: 7.36403e+07, s_bytes: 3.71988e+07, s_time: 4.36137e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 29.1923 New_limit: 29.1923 L: 19.9365 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 30510844 duration: 1.774 speed: 1.71989e+07 garbage collected: 2164692 speed: 1.22023e+06 heap limit: 29192273 size before gc: 30510844 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0751176 gc_rate: 0.619352, g_bytes: 5.6567e+06, g_time: 7.53046e+07, s_bytes: 3.35651e+07, s_time: 5.41939e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.4571 New_limit: 41.4571 L: 28.3462 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 23672428 duration: 8.175 speed: 2.89571e+06 garbage collected: 7160816 speed: 875941 heap limit: 23238628 size before gc: 23672428 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0865004 gc_rate: 0.856028, g_bytes: 5.19187e+06, g_time: 6.00213e+07, s_bytes: 2.28655e+07, s_time: 2.67111e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 25.6453 New_limit: 25.6453 L: 16.5116 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53623004 duration: 1.414 speed: 3.79229e+07 garbage collected: 25255756 speed: 1.78612e+07 heap limit: 50506096 size before gc: 53623004 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.21773 gc_rate: 0.608605, g_bytes: 1.65361e+07, g_time: 7.59477e+07, s_bytes: 5.32015e+07, s_time: 8.74155e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.8933 New_limit: 50.8933 L: 28.3672 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 25377812 duration: 14.899 speed: 1.70332e+06 garbage collected: 10107992 speed: 678434 heap limit: 25645273 size before gc: 25377812 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0865795 gc_rate: 0.871389, g_bytes: 5.37559e+06, g_time: 6.20885e+07, s_bytes: 2.4229e+07, s_time: 2.78051e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 23.9795 New_limit: 23.9795 L: 15.2698 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 53990596 duration: 1.353 speed: 3.99044e+07 garbage collected: 25680412 speed: 1.89803e+07 heap limit: 50893282 size before gc: 53990596 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218179 gc_rate: 0.617369, g_bytes: 1.69904e+07, g_time: 7.78737e+07, s_bytes: 5.33309e+07, s_time: 8.63842e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.6763 New_limit: 50.6763 L: 28.3102 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 42224176 duration: 6.71 speed: 6.29272e+06 garbage collected: 21677092 speed: 3.23057e+06 heap limit: 41457100 size before gc: 42224176 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0752851 gc_rate: 0.853669, g_bytes: 6.06777e+06, g_time: 8.05971e+07, s_bytes: 3.75204e+07, s_time: 4.39519e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 30.0656 New_limit: 30.0656 L: 20.5471 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 24184644 duration: 10.522 speed: 2.29848e+06 garbage collected: 7631276 speed: 725269 heap limit: 23979522 size before gc: 24184644 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0873486 gc_rate: 0.813097, g_bytes: 5.55255e+06, g_time: 6.35677e+07, s_bytes: 2.41193e+07, s_time: 2.96635e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 25.9828 New_limit: 25.9828 L: 16.5534 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.218532 gc_rate: 0.617369, g_bytes: 1.73273e+07, g_time: 7.92896e+07, s_bytes: 5.33309e+07, s_time: 8.63842e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.6944 New_limit: 50.6944 L: 28.3102 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53959852 duration: yg_balancer flag disabled2.936
 speed: 1.83787e+07 garbage collected: 25584768 speed: 8.71416e+06 heap limit: 50694362 size before gc: 53959852 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.219116 gc_rate: 0.591672, g_bytes: 1.77434e+07, g_time: 8.09772e+07, s_bytes: 5.33452e+07, s_time: 9.01601e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.297 New_limit: 51.297 L: 28.3751 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 31175944 duration: 2.024 speed: 1.54031e+07 garbage collected: 2370616 speed: 1.17125e+06 heap limit: 30065615 size before gc: 31175944 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0766849 gc_rate: 0.622688, g_bytes: 6.29582e+06, g_time: 8.20999e+07, s_bytes: 3.3929e+07, s_time: 5.4488e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 42.1234 New_limit: 42.1234 L: 28.8053 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.0866308 gc_rate: 0.813097, g_bytes: 5.58906e+06, g_time: 6.45159e+07, s_bytes: 2.41193e+07, s_time: 2.96635e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 25.944 New_limit: 25.944 L: 16.5534 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 25963492 duration: 14.18 speed: 1.83099e+06 garbage collected: 9868028 speed: 695912 heap limit: 25943960 size before gc: 25963492 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.086966 gc_rate: 0.868739, g_bytes: 5.78011e+06, g_time: 6.64641e+07, s_bytes: 2.51255e+07, s_time: 2.89218e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 25.0711 New_limit: 25.0711 L: 16.0955 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53775892 duration: 1.306 speed: 4.1176e+07 garbage collected: 25596956 speed: 1.95995e+07 heap limit: 51296960 size before gc: 53775892 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218677 gc_rate: 0.584934, g_bytes: 1.81263e+07, g_time: 8.28906e+07, s_bytes: 5.33653e+07, s_time: 9.12331e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.1296 New_limit: 51.1296 L: 28.1789 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0742607 gc_rate: 0.622688, g_bytes: 6.28656e+06, g_time: 8.46554e+07, s_bytes: 3.3929e+07, s_time: 5.4488e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.9112 New_limit: 41.9112 L: 28.8053 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 43072176 duration: 9.549 speed: 4.51065e+06 garbage collected: 21751380 speed: 2.27787e+06 heap limit: 41911193 size before gc: 43072176 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0750489 gc_rate: 0.827718, g_bytes: 6.68558e+06, g_time: 8.9083e+07, s_bytes: 3.80903e+07, s_time: 4.60185e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 31.1522 New_limit: 31.1522 L: 21.3208 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 25245364 duration: 16.586 speed: 1.52209e+06 garbage collected: 7403384 speed: 446363 heap limit: 25071130 size before gc: 25245364 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0862874 gc_rate: 0.687918, g_bytes: 5.9486e+06, g_time: 6.89394e+07, s_bytes: 2.52837e+07, s_time: 3.67539e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 28.4202 New_limit: 28.4202 L: 17.842 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53523632 duration: 1.912 speed: 2.79935e+07 garbage collected: 25407324 speed: 1.32883e+07 heap limit: 51129616 size before gc: 53523632 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218597 gc_rate: 0.598194, g_bytes: 1.84872e+07, g_time: 8.4572e+07, s_bytes: 5.32827e+07, s_time: 8.90725e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.7818 New_limit: 50.7818 L: 28.1163 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 31822828 duration: 1.678 speed: 1.89647e+07 garbage collected: 2509092 speed: 1.49529e+06 heap limit: 31152245 size before gc: 31822828 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0759029 gc_rate: 0.588865, g_bytes: 6.8764e+06, g_time: 9.05947e+07, s_bytes: 3.46537e+07, s_time: 5.88482e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 43.0586 New_limit: 43.0586 L: 29.3137 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 53562288 duration: 1.474 speed: 3.63381e+07 garbage collected: 25384352 speed: 1.72214e+07 heap limit: 50781802 size before gc: 53562288 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218034 gc_rate: 0.589563, g_bytes: 1.88351e+07, g_time: 8.63864e+07, s_bytes: 5.32218e+07, s_time: 9.02733e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.0043 New_limit: 51.0043 L: 28.1779 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 28515544 duration: 8.266 speed: 3.44974e+06 garbage collected: 10486980 speed: 1.26869e+06 heap limit: 28420181 size before gc: 28515544 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0848705 gc_rate: 0.766457, g_bytes: 6.18485e+06, g_time: 7.2874e+07, s_bytes: 2.68336e+07, s_time: 3.50099e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 28.0194 New_limit: 28.0194 L: 18.0286 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 28349176 duration: 17.18 speed: 1.65013e+06 garbage collected: 10383060 speed: 604369 heap limit: 28019356 size before gc: 28349176 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0865616 gc_rate: 0.706488, g_bytes: 6.39164e+06, g_time: 7.38391e+07, s_bytes: 2.76201e+07, s_time: 3.9095e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 28.4572 New_limit: 28.4572 L: 17.9661 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53637820 duration: 1.249 speed: 4.29446e+07 garbage collected: 25450348 speed: 2.03766e+07 heap limit: 51004264 size before gc: 53637820 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.21847 gc_rate: 0.606544, g_bytes: 1.91664e+07, g_time: 8.773e+07, s_bytes: 5.3231e+07, s_time: 8.77611e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.7183 New_limit: 50.7183 L: 28.1875 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.217575 gc_rate: 0.606544, g_bytes: 1.82905e+07, g_time: 8.40652e+07, s_bytes: 5.3231e+07, s_time: 8.77611e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.6722 New_limit: 50.6722 L: 28.1875 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 44309832 duration: 9.986 speed: 4.4372e+06 garbage collected: 21961680 speed: 2.19925e+06 heap limit: 43058648 size before gc: 44309832 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0765886 gc_rate: 0.752398, g_bytes: 7.28239e+06, g_time: 9.50845e+07, s_bytes: 3.90624e+07, s_time: 5.19171e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 33.0132 New_limit: 33.0132 L: 22.3482 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0869709 gc_rate: 0.706488, g_bytes: 6.39271e+06, g_time: 7.3504e+07, s_bytes: 2.76201e+07, s_time: 3.9095e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 28.482 New_limit: 28.482 L: 17.9661 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 53719932 duration: 1.065 speed: 5.04413e+07 garbage collected: 25474784 speed: 2.392e+07 heap limit: 50672150 size before gc: 53719932 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218099 gc_rate: 0.592104, g_bytes: 1.86526e+07, g_time: 8.55236e+07, s_bytes: 5.32379e+07, s_time: 8.99131e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.053 New_limit: 51.053 L: 28.2451 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 28902632 duration: 10.087 speed: 2.86533e+06 garbage collected: 10518540 speed: 1.04278e+06 heap limit: 28482018 size before gc: 28902632 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0878075 gc_rate: 0.767627, g_bytes: 6.6199e+06, g_time: 7.53911e+07, s_bytes: 2.8472e+07, s_time: 3.7091e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 28.6382 New_limit: 28.6382 L: 18.3841 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0759785 gc_rate: 0.752398, g_bytes: 7.39179e+06, g_time: 9.72879e+07, s_bytes: 3.90624e+07, s_time: 5.19171e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 32.9707 New_limit: 32.9707 L: 22.3482 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 28569936 duration: 11.794 speed: 2.42241e+06 garbage collected: 7513812 speed: 637088 heap limit: 28638170 size before gc: 28569936 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.088933 gc_rate: 0.745899, g_bytes: 6.7982e+06, g_time: 7.64418e+07, s_bytes: 2.86742e+07, s_time: 3.84425e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 32.2599 New_limit: 32.2599 L: 21.0561 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54303452 duration: 1.784 speed: 3.04392e+07 garbage collected: 25554260 speed: 1.43241e+07 heap limit: 51053020 size before gc: 54303452 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217933 gc_rate: 0.58321, g_bytes: 1.90229e+07, g_time: 8.72878e+07, s_bytes: 5.32754e+07, s_time: 9.13485e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.9256 New_limit: 51.9256 L: 28.7492 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 33878000 duration: 2.922 speed: 1.15941e+07 garbage collected: 23525528 speed: 8.05117e+06 heap limit: 32970660 size before gc: 33878000 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0742917 gc_rate: 1.24736, g_bytes: 7.59869e+06, g_time: 1.02282e+08, s_bytes: 3.6073e+07, s_time: 2.89196e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 15.9049 New_limit: 15.9049 L: 10.3525 Additional Memory: 5

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 16766708 duration: 5.584 speed: 3.00263e+06 garbage collected: 323988 speed: 58020.8 heap limit: 15904885 size before gc: 16766708 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0760618 gc_rate: 1.07215, g_bytes: 7.53947e+06, g_time: 9.91229e+07, s_bytes: 2.60015e+07, s_time: 2.42518e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 24.0798 New_limit: 24.0798 L: 16.4427 Additional Memory: 7

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 55070016 duration: 1.013 speed: 5.43633e+07 garbage collected: 26950916 speed: 2.66051e+07 heap limit: 51925636 size before gc: 55070016 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218059 gc_rate: 0.589056, g_bytes: 1.93878e+07, g_time: 8.89109e+07, s_bytes: 5.40051e+07, s_time: 9.16808e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.9327 New_limit: 50.9327 L: 28.1191 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 25006148 duration: 19.004 speed: 1.31584e+06 garbage collected: 466996 speed: 24573.6 heap limit: 24079802 size before gc: 25006148 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0783774 gc_rate: 0.806332, g_bytes: 7.59067e+06, g_time: 9.68476e+07, s_bytes: 2.50994e+07, s_time: 3.11279e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 35.4599 New_limit: 35.4599 L: 24.5392 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 33102692 duration: 11.738 speed: 2.82013e+06 garbage collected: 12153396 speed: 1.03539e+06 heap limit: 32259934 size before gc: 33102692 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0883804 gc_rate: 0.822961, g_bytes: 7.06062e+06, g_time: 7.98889e+07, s_bytes: 3.09353e+07, s_time: 3.75902e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 31.5554 New_limit: 31.5554 L: 20.9493 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53476604 duration: 1.261 speed: 4.24081e+07 garbage collected: 25361376 speed: 2.01121e+07 heap limit: 50932724 size before gc: 53476604 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217592 gc_rate: 0.582507, g_bytes: 1.96863e+07, g_time: 9.04733e+07, s_bytes: 5.35737e+07, s_time: 9.19709e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.0306 New_limit: 51.0306 L: 28.1152 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.218063 gc_rate: 0.582507, g_bytes: 1.91288e+07, g_time: 8.77215e+07, s_bytes: 5.35737e+07, s_time: 9.19709e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.0554 New_limit: 51.0554 L: 28.1152 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 31921068 duration: 7.782 speed: 4.10191e+06 garbage collected: 11654708 speed: 1.49765e+06 heap limit: 31555449 size before gc: 31921068 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0872334 gc_rate: 0.885546, g_bytes: 7.25617e+06, g_time: 8.31811e+07, s_bytes: 3.16017e+07, s_time: 3.56861e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 30.2574 New_limit: 30.2574 L: 20.2664 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
allocation_rate: 0.0871043 gc_rate: 0.885546, g_bytes: 7.00101e+06, g_time: 8.03751e+07, s_bytes: 3.16017e+07, s_time: 3.56861e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 30.25 New_limit: 30.25 L: 20.2664 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 36462168 duration: 4.041 speed: 9.02306e+06 garbage collected: 23532300 speed: 5.82339e+06 heap limit: 35459925 size before gc: 36462168 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0763092 gc_rate: 1.51283, g_bytes: 7.80728e+06, g_time: 1.02311e+08, s_bytes: 3.03843e+07, s_time: 2.00844e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 18.6404 New_limit: 18.6404 L: 12.9299 Additional Memory: 5

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 53819132 duration: 1.401 speed: 3.84148e+07 garbage collected: 25393524 speed: 1.81253e+07 heap limit: 51055363 size before gc: 53819132 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218561 gc_rate: 0.575765, g_bytes: 1.94575e+07, g_time: 8.90259e+07, s_bytes: 5.33653e+07, s_time: 9.26859e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.6532 New_limit: 51.6532 L: 28.4256 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 19687744 duration: 12.835 speed: 1.53391e+06 garbage collected: 468608 speed: 36510.2 heap limit: 18640386 size before gc: 19687744 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0779581 gc_rate: 1.09951, g_bytes: 7.75481e+06, g_time: 9.94741e+07, s_bytes: 2.46946e+07, s_time: 2.24597e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 27.4735 New_limit: 27.4735 L: 19.2191 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 30269368 duration: 11.628 speed: 2.60314e+06 garbage collected: 7345256 speed: 631687 heap limit: 30249960 size before gc: 30269368 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.087605 gc_rate: 0.8147, g_bytes: 7.15111e+06, g_time: 8.1629e+07, s_bytes: 3.10865e+07, s_time: 3.81571e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 34.026 New_limit: 34.026 L: 22.9241 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0793814 gc_rate: 1.09951, g_bytes: 7.71314e+06, g_time: 9.71656e+07, s_bytes: 2.46946e+07, s_time: 2.24597e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 27.5485 New_limit: 27.5485 L: 19.2191 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 28927636 duration: 2.839 speed: 1.01894e+07 garbage collected: 2384220 speed: 839810 heap limit: 27548507 size before gc: 28927636 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0809144 gc_rate: 0.680581, g_bytes: 7.81291e+06, g_time: 9.65577e+07, s_bytes: 2.6304e+07, s_time: 3.86494e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 39.1048 New_limit: 39.1048 L: 26.5434 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 55075136 duration: 1.624 speed: 3.39133e+07 garbage collected: 26633240 speed: 1.63998e+07 heap limit: 51653153 size before gc: 55075136 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218405 gc_rate: 0.560384, g_bytes: 1.98171e+07, g_time: 9.07359e+07, s_bytes: 5.38837e+07, s_time: 9.6155e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.9844 New_limit: 51.9844 L: 28.4419 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 33847112 duration: 13.917 speed: 2.43207e+06 garbage collected: 10510268 speed: 755211 heap limit: 34026006 size before gc: 33847112 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0876458 gc_rate: 0.741155, g_bytes: 7.33971e+06, g_time: 8.37429e+07, s_bytes: 3.26383e+07, s_time: 4.4037e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 35.0836 New_limit: 35.0836 L: 23.3368 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54885512 duration: 1.483 speed: 3.70098e+07 garbage collected: 26632664 speed: 1.79586e+07 heap limit: 51984378 size before gc: 54885512 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218509 gc_rate: 0.574104, g_bytes: 2.01485e+07, g_time: 9.2209e+07, s_bytes: 5.41489e+07, s_time: 9.4319e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.4404 New_limit: 51.4404 L: 28.2528 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 40148056 duration: 5.72 speed: 7.01889e+06 garbage collected: 22151932 speed: 3.87272e+06 heap limit: 39104766 size before gc: 40148056 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0798289 gc_rate: 1.08971, g_bytes: 8.10249e+06, g_time: 1.01498e+08, s_bytes: 3.28924e+07, s_time: 3.01847e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 26.1151 New_limit: 26.1151 L: 17.9961 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 35429648 duration: 16.269 speed: 2.17774e+06 garbage collected: 12974216 speed: 797481 heap limit: 35083572 size before gc: 35429648 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0876585 gc_rate: 0.715295, g_bytes: 7.57736e+06, g_time: 8.64419e+07, s_bytes: 3.40859e+07, s_time: 4.7653e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 34.1855 New_limit: 34.1855 L: 22.4554 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54662312 duration: 1.231 speed: 4.44048e+07 garbage collected: 26469128 speed: 2.15021e+07 heap limit: 51440416 size before gc: 54662312 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.219328 gc_rate: 0.58112, g_bytes: 2.04615e+07, g_time: 9.32918e+07, s_bytes: 5.4204e+07, s_time: 9.3275e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.2591 New_limit: 51.2591 L: 28.1932 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 27824388 duration: 1.82 speed: 1.52881e+07 garbage collected: 579372 speed: 318336 heap limit: 26115074 size before gc: 27824388 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0813133 gc_rate: 0.738279, g_bytes: 8.18878e+06, g_time: 1.00707e+08, s_bytes: 2.9902e+07, s_time: 4.05023e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 39.494 New_limit: 39.494 L: 27.245 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.220164 gc_rate: 0.58112, g_bytes: 2.01583e+07, g_time: 9.15602e+07, s_bytes: 5.4204e+07, s_time: 9.3275e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.3031 New_limit: 51.3031 L: 28.1932 Additional Memory: 23

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0866086 gc_rate: 0.715295, g_bytes: 7.62418e+06, g_time: 8.80304e+07, s_bytes: 3.40859e+07, s_time: 4.7653e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 34.115 New_limit: 34.115 L: 22.4554 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54369116 duration: 0.821 speed: 6.6223e+07 garbage collected: 26313820 speed: 3.20509e+07 heap limit: 51303052 size before gc: 54369116 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.22052 gc_rate: 0.604751, g_bytes: 2.04591e+07, g_time: 9.27767e+07, s_bytes: 5.41542e+07, s_time: 8.9548e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.672 New_limit: 50.672 L: 28.0553 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 33890248 duration: 12.497 speed: 2.71187e+06 garbage collected: 10837684 speed: 867223 heap limit: 34115031 size before gc: 33890248 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0862493 gc_rate: 0.708432, g_bytes: 7.81472e+06, g_time: 9.06061e+07, s_bytes: 3.40579e+07, s_time: 4.8075e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 34.8986 New_limit: 34.8986 L: 23.0526 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0792494 gc_rate: 0.738279, g_bytes: 8.28299e+06, g_time: 1.04518e+08, s_bytes: 2.9902e+07, s_time: 4.05023e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 39.3375 New_limit: 39.3375 L: 27.245 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53403068 duration: 1.14 speed: 4.68448e+07 garbage collected: 25286160 speed: 2.21808e+07 heap limit: 50671960 size before gc: 53403068 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.221132 gc_rate: 0.606869, g_bytes: 2.07036e+07, g_time: 9.36253e+07, s_bytes: 5.36132e+07, s_time: 8.8344e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.7502 New_limit: 50.7502 L: 28.1169 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 40309288 duration: 4.988 speed: 8.08125e+06 garbage collected: 23758768 speed: 4.76319e+06 heap limit: 39337520 size before gc: 40309288 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0782097 gc_rate: 1.18875, g_bytes: 8.52205e+06, g_time: 1.08964e+08, s_bytes: 3.47651e+07, s_time: 2.92452e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 23.9292 New_limit: 23.9292 L: 16.5505 Additional Memory: 7

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 34840888 duration: 11.409 speed: 3.05381e+06 garbage collected: 10741364 speed: 941482 heap limit: 34898610 size before gc: 34840888 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0869217 gc_rate: 0.698807, g_bytes: 8.0134e+06, g_time: 9.2191e+07, s_bytes: 3.44107e+07, s_time: 4.9242e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 36.3422 New_limit: 36.3422 L: 24.0995 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 25208088 duration: 16.993 speed: 1.48344e+06 garbage collected: 498876 speed: 29357.7 heap limit: 23929166 size before gc: 25208088 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0803618 gc_rate: 0.905428, g_bytes: 8.52883e+06, g_time: 1.0613e+08, s_bytes: 2.95342e+07, s_time: 3.26191e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 35.1808 New_limit: 35.1808 L: 24.7092 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53861880 duration: 1.522 speed: 3.53889e+07 garbage collected: 25366052 speed: 1.66663e+07 heap limit: 50750194 size before gc: 53861880 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.221121 gc_rate: 0.59675, g_bytes: 2.09557e+07, g_time: 9.47699e+07, s_bytes: 5.33692e+07, s_time: 8.9433e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.4729 New_limit: 51.4729 L: 28.4958 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 36618756 duration: 17.733 speed: 2.06501e+06 garbage collected: 10392124 speed: 586033 heap limit: 36342151 size before gc: 36618756 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0884056 gc_rate: 0.717452, g_bytes: 8.23869e+06, g_time: 9.31919e+07, s_bytes: 3.55049e+07, s_time: 4.94875e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 38.9382 New_limit: 38.9382 L: 26.2266 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54005700 duration: 1.115 speed: 4.84356e+07 garbage collected: 25759532 speed: 2.31027e+07 heap limit: 51472899 size before gc: 54005700 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.22139 gc_rate: 0.588809, g_bytes: 2.11834e+07, g_time: 9.56834e+07, s_bytes: 5.34486e+07, s_time: 9.0774e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.2901 New_limit: 51.2901 L: 28.2462 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 36164644 duration: 4.944 speed: 7.31486e+06 garbage collected: 23735128 speed: 4.80079e+06 heap limit: 35180795 size before gc: 36164644 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0783858 gc_rate: 1.52354, g_bytes: 8.67516e+06, g_time: 1.10673e+08, s_bytes: 3.24233e+07, s_time: 2.12815e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 18.0841 New_limit: 18.0841 L: 12.4295 Additional Memory: 5

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.221998 gc_rate: 0.588809, g_bytes: 2.12776e+07, g_time: 9.58457e+07, s_bytes: 5.34486e+07, s_time: 9.0774e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.3217 New_limit: 51.3217 L: 28.2462 Additional Memory: 23

***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 38949096 duration: 16.243 speed: 2.3979e+06 garbage collected: 13483628 speed: 830119 heap limit: 38938223 size before gc: 38949096 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0887223 gc_rate: 0.697054, g_bytes: 8.46288e+06, g_time: 9.53861e+07, s_bytes: 3.71985e+07, s_time: 5.33653e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 38.1959 New_limit: 38.1959 L: 25.4655 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 53557492 duration: 1.898 speed: 2.82179e+07 garbage collected: 25438632 speed: 1.34029e+07 heap limit: 51321729 size before gc: 53557492 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.221563 gc_rate: 0.607268, g_bytes: 2.14793e+07, g_time: 9.69442e+07, s_bytes: 5.334e+07, s_time: 8.7836e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.7675 New_limit: 50.7675 L: 28.1189 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 19140488 duration: 20.785 speed: 920880 garbage collected: 517984 speed: 24921 heap limit: 18084141 size before gc: 19140488 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0800491 gc_rate: 1.07424, g_bytes: 8.57695e+06, g_time: 1.07146e+08, s_bytes: 2.52803e+07, s_time: 2.35333e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 26.9522 New_limit: 26.9522 L: 18.6225 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.0885415 gc_rate: 0.697054, g_bytes: 8.24149e+06, g_time: 9.30805e+07, s_bytes: 3.71985e+07, s_time: 5.33653e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 38.1829 New_limit: 38.1829 L: 25.4655 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 28458336 duration: 2.116 speed: 1.34491e+07 garbage collected: 619520 speed: 292779 heap limit: 26952250 size before gc: 28458336 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0816588 gc_rate: 0.704727, g_bytes: 8.63989e+06, g_time: 1.05805e+08, s_bytes: 2.6656e+07, s_time: 3.78246e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 40.5387 New_limit: 40.5387 L: 27.8388 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53971424 duration: 1.315 speed: 4.10429e+07 garbage collected: 25393092 speed: 1.93103e+07 heap limit: 50767515 size before gc: 53971424 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.221163 gc_rate: 0.591311, g_bytes: 2.16979e+07, g_time: 9.81082e+07, s_bytes: 5.32626e+07, s_time: 9.00755e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.6964 New_limit: 51.6964 L: 28.5783 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 37985984 duration: 13.974 speed: 2.71833e+06 garbage collected: 10801160 speed: 772947 heap limit: 38182946 size before gc: 37985984 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0883937 gc_rate: 0.643128, g_bytes: 8.45544e+06, g_time: 9.56566e+07, s_bytes: 3.77321e+07, s_time: 5.86696e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 40.853 New_limit: 40.853 L: 27.1848 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0807487 gc_rate: 0.704727, g_bytes: 8.37482e+06, g_time: 1.03715e+08, s_bytes: 2.6656e+07, s_time: 3.78246e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 40.4678 New_limit: 40.4678 L: 27.8388 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54952488 duration: 1.143 speed: 4.80774e+07 garbage collected: 26697784 speed: 2.33576e+07 heap limit: 51696424 size before gc: 54952488 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.221996 gc_rate: 0.591321, g_bytes: 2.19317e+07, g_time: 9.87935e+07, s_bytes: 5.38748e+07, s_time: 9.11092e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.2846 New_limit: 51.2846 L: 28.2547 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 41317816 duration: 6.967 speed: 5.9305e+06 garbage collected: 23403800 speed: 3.35924e+06 heap limit: 40467783 size before gc: 41317816 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0797614 gc_rate: 1.02171, g_bytes: 8.63003e+06, g_time: 1.08198e+08, s_bytes: 3.361e+07, s_time: 3.28958e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 26.2761 New_limit: 26.2761 L: 17.914 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 40602340 duration: 11.057 speed: 3.67209e+06 garbage collected: 13600880 speed: 1.23007e+06 heap limit: 40852982 size before gc: 40602340 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0887831 gc_rate: 0.756691, g_bytes: 8.70354e+06, g_time: 9.80315e+07, s_bytes: 3.92445e+07, s_time: 5.18633e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 39.5874 New_limit: 39.5874 L: 27.0015 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53634860 duration: 1.215 speed: 4.41439e+07 garbage collected: 25450396 speed: 2.09468e+07 heap limit: 51284560 size before gc: 53634860 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.221977 gc_rate: 0.60739, g_bytes: 2.21042e+07, g_time: 9.95785e+07, s_bytes: 5.35488e+07, s_time: 8.81621e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.8784 New_limit: 50.8784 L: 28.1845 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 28286108 duration: 1.899 speed: 1.48953e+07 garbage collected: 611140 speed: 321822 heap limit: 26276088 size before gc: 28286108 guid: 824817_139826082927368
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.0813979 gc_rate: 0.681529, g_bytes: 8.71713e+06, g_time: 1.07093e+08, s_bytes: 3.05989e+07, s_time: 4.48974e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 40.5306 New_limit: 40.5306 L: 27.675 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 39648776 duration: 18.634 speed: 2.12777e+06 garbage collected: 10333180 speed: 554534 heap limit: 39587370 size before gc: 39648776 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0899279 gc_rate: 0.780633, g_bytes: 8.90073e+06, g_time: 9.89763e+07, s_bytes: 3.96161e+07, s_time: 5.07487e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 42.3101 New_limit: 42.3101 L: 29.3156 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53719536 duration: 1.232 speed: 4.36035e+07 garbage collected: 25399764 speed: 2.06167e+07 heap limit: 50878421 size before gc: 53719536 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.221772 gc_rate: 0.588394, g_bytes: 2.22757e+07, g_time: 1.00444e+08, s_bytes: 5.33656e+07, s_time: 9.06971e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.4217 New_limit: 51.4217 L: 28.3198 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.222027 gc_rate: 0.588394, g_bytes: 2.13078e+07, g_time: 9.59694e+07, s_bytes: 5.33656e+07, s_time: 9.06971e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.435 New_limit: 51.435 L: 28.3198 Additional Memory: 23

***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0898506 gc_rate: 0.780633, g_bytes: 8.90223e+06, g_time: 9.90782e+07, s_bytes: 3.96161e+07, s_time: 5.07487e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 42.3045 New_limit: 42.3045 L: 29.3156 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 41314284 duration: 8.923 speed: 4.63009e+06 garbage collected: 23530916 speed: 2.63711e+06 heap limit: 40530587 size before gc: 41314284 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.080594 gc_rate: 1.00526, g_bytes: 8.96324e+06, g_time: 1.11215e+08, s_bytes: 3.55965e+07, s_time: 3.54102e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 26.2265 New_limit: 26.2265 L: 17.7834 Additional Memory: 8

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54355268 duration: 1.699 speed: 3.19925e+07 garbage collected: 25594772 speed: 1.50646e+07 heap limit: 51435044 size before gc: 54355268 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.222524 gc_rate: 0.543482, g_bytes: 2.15442e+07, g_time: 9.68175e+07, s_bytes: 5.33689e+07, s_time: 9.8198e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 53.0254 New_limit: 53.0254 L: 28.7605 Additional Memory: 24

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 42111248 duration: 7.262 speed: 5.79885e+06 garbage collected: 13296996 speed: 1.83104e+06 heap limit: 42304466 size before gc: 42111248 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0892743 gc_rate: 0.835291, g_bytes: 9.0969e+06, g_time: 1.01898e+08, s_bytes: 4.09337e+07, s_time: 4.90053e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.2231 New_limit: 41.2231 L: 28.8143 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0817476 gc_rate: 1.00526, g_bytes: 8.95279e+06, g_time: 1.09517e+08, s_bytes: 3.55965e+07, s_time: 3.54102e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 26.2867 New_limit: 26.2867 L: 17.7834 Additional Memory: 8

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 27465208 duration: 2.197 speed: 1.25012e+07 garbage collected: 586868 speed: 267122 heap limit: 26286724 size before gc: 27465208 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0831812 gc_rate: 0.717547, g_bytes: 8.98924e+06, g_time: 1.08068e+08, s_bytes: 3.10724e+07, s_time: 4.33036e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 39.36 New_limit: 39.36 L: 26.8783 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 56403132 duration: 1.246 speed: 4.52674e+07 garbage collected: 27885564 speed: 2.23801e+07 heap limit: 53025417 size before gc: 56403132 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.223132 gc_rate: 0.594429, g_bytes: 2.18491e+07, g_time: 9.79204e+07, s_bytes: 5.45222e+07, s_time: 9.1722e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.6527 New_limit: 51.6527 L: 28.5176 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 41197260 duration: 17.845 speed: 2.30862e+06 garbage collected: 10410280 speed: 583372 heap limit: 41223143 size before gc: 41197260 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0900163 gc_rate: 0.660016, g_bytes: 9.26121e+06, g_time: 1.02884e+08, s_bytes: 4.12016e+07, s_time: 6.24252e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 45.2764 New_limit: 45.2764 L: 30.787 Additional Memory: 14

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54925976 duration: 1.98 speed: 2.77404e+07 garbage collected: 26675216 speed: 1.34723e+07 heap limit: 51652707 size before gc: 54925976 guid: 824817_139826284253960
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.223422 gc_rate: 0.593389, g_bytes: 2.20771e+07, g_time: 9.88136e+07, s_bytes: 5.45034e+07, s_time: 9.1851e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.3125 New_limit: 51.3125 L: 28.2508 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 40286332 duration: 6.513 speed: 6.18553e+06 garbage collected: 23450084 speed: 3.6005e+06 heap limit: 39360034 size before gc: 40286332 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0818329 gc_rate: 1.20551, g_bytes: 9.21018e+06, g_time: 1.12549e+08, s_bytes: 3.5452e+07, s_time: 2.94083e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 24.3956 New_limit: 24.3956 L: 16.8362 Additional Memory: 7

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 44802708 duration: 20.199 speed: 2.21807e+06 garbage collected: 13135468 speed: 650303 heap limit: 45276436 size before gc: 44802708 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0903929 gc_rate: 0.694247, g_bytes: 9.49894e+06, g_time: 1.05085e+08, s_bytes: 4.326e+07, s_time: 6.23121e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 46.0255 New_limit: 46.0255 L: 31.6672 Additional Memory: 14

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 25977148 duration: 2.018 speed: 1.28727e+07 garbage collected: 334664 speed: 165839 heap limit: 24395635 size before gc: 25977148 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0838026 gc_rate: 0.870367, g_bytes: 9.20671e+06, g_time: 1.09862e+08, s_bytes: 3.02132e+07, s_time: 3.47132e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 36.7532 New_limit: 36.7532 L: 25.6425 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54602552 duration: 1.32 speed: 4.13656e+07 garbage collected: 26161208 speed: 1.98191e+07 heap limit: 51312543 size before gc: 54602552 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.223305 gc_rate: 0.61698, g_bytes: 2.22908e+07, g_time: 9.98222e+07, s_bytes: 5.4347e+07, s_time: 8.80855e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.1282 New_limit: 51.1282 L: 28.4413 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.222404 gc_rate: 0.61698, g_bytes: 2.15154e+07, g_time: 9.67399e+07, s_bytes: 5.4347e+07, s_time: 8.80855e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.0824 New_limit: 51.0824 L: 28.4413 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0904427 gc_rate: 0.694247, g_bytes: 9.62488e+06, g_time: 1.0642e+08, s_bytes: 4.326e+07, s_time: 6.23121e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 46.0294 New_limit: 46.0294 L: 31.6672 Additional Memory: 14

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 45727664 duration: 17.772 speed: 2.57302e+06 garbage collected: 13297364 speed: 748220 heap limit: 46029408 size before gc: 45727664 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0905113 gc_rate: 0.693633, g_bytes: 9.84666e+06, g_time: 1.08789e+08, s_bytes: 4.47685e+07, s_time: 6.4542e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 46.9764 New_limit: 46.9764 L: 32.4303 Additional Memory: 14

yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53940952 duration: 1.794 speed: 3.00674e+07 garbage collected: 25682272 speed: 1.43156e+07 heap limit: 51082357 size before gc: 53940952 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217815 gc_rate: 0.602612, g_bytes: 2.17146e+07, g_time: 9.96928e+07, s_bytes: 5.38975e+07, s_time: 8.94398e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.8575 New_limit: 50.8575 L: 28.2587 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 37849908 duration: 11.624 speed: 3.25619e+06 garbage collected: 23844112 speed: 2.05128e+06 heap limit: 36753213 size before gc: 37849908 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0818316 gc_rate: 1.19304, g_bytes: 9.35675e+06, g_time: 1.14342e+08, s_bytes: 3.36062e+07, s_time: 2.81686e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 20.9364 New_limit: 20.9364 L: 14.0058 Additional Memory: 6

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0819544 gc_rate: 1.19304, g_bytes: 8.97818e+06, g_time: 1.09551e+08, s_bytes: 3.36062e+07, s_time: 2.81686e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 20.9416 New_limit: 20.9416 L: 14.0058 Additional Memory: 6

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 22107172 duration: 16.532 speed: 1.33724e+06 garbage collected: 476208 speed: 28805.2 heap limit: 20941612 size before gc: 22107172 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0837974 gc_rate: 0.875267, g_bytes: 8.93434e+06, g_time: 1.06618e+08, s_bytes: 2.74399e+07, s_time: 3.13503e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 31.8067 New_limit: 31.8067 L: 21.631 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53751108 duration: 1.161 speed: 4.62973e+07 garbage collected: 25494672 speed: 2.19592e+07 heap limit: 50857496 size before gc: 53751108 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218315 gc_rate: 0.59342, g_bytes: 2.19035e+07, g_time: 1.00329e+08, s_bytes: 5.35861e+07, s_time: 9.03004e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.0549 New_limit: 51.0549 L: 28.2564 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 46589860 duration: 17.211 speed: 2.70698e+06 garbage collected: 13325168 speed: 774224 heap limit: 46976416 size before gc: 46589860 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0898501 gc_rate: 0.708527, g_bytes: 1.00623e+07, g_time: 1.1199e+08, s_bytes: 4.59668e+07, s_time: 6.48765e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 47.7877 New_limit: 47.7877 L: 33.2647 Additional Memory: 14

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53479588 duration: 0.753 speed: 7.1022e+07 garbage collected: 25472404 speed: 3.38279e+07 heap limit: 51054854 size before gc: 53479588 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218055 gc_rate: 0.583714, g_bytes: 2.20694e+07, g_time: 1.0121e+08, s_bytes: 5.34254e+07, s_time: 9.15267e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.8791 New_limit: 50.8791 L: 28.0072 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 32559588 duration: 1.724 speed: 1.88861e+07 garbage collected: 2667196 speed: 1.5471e+06 heap limit: 31806747 size before gc: 32559588 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0836166 gc_rate: 0.61784, g_bytes: 9.03405e+06, g_time: 1.08041e+08, s_bytes: 2.96793e+07, s_time: 4.80371e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 44.1148 New_limit: 44.1148 L: 29.8924 Additional Memory: 14

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 47510396 duration: 18.471 speed: 2.57216e+06 garbage collected: 13385348 speed: 724668 heap limit: 47787746 size before gc: 47510396 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0903942 gc_rate: 0.684631, g_bytes: 1.02715e+07, g_time: 1.1363e+08, s_bytes: 4.70162e+07, s_time: 6.86738e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 49.1345 New_limit: 49.1345 L: 34.125 Additional Memory: 15

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53371212 duration: 1.271 speed: 4.19915e+07 garbage collected: 25179220 speed: 1.98106e+07 heap limit: 50879126 size before gc: 53371212 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218264 gc_rate: 0.578858, g_bytes: 2.22342e+07, g_time: 1.01868e+08, s_bytes: 5.31964e+07, s_time: 9.18988e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.2463 New_limit: 51.2463 L: 28.192 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.218058 gc_rate: 0.578858, g_bytes: 2.14594e+07, g_time: 9.8411e+07, s_bytes: 5.31964e+07, s_time: 9.18988e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.2355 New_limit: 51.2355 L: 28.192 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 44955200 duration: 7.918 speed: 5.6776e+06 garbage collected: 21670480 speed: 2.73686e+06 heap limit: 44114813 size before gc: 44955200 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0846046 gc_rate: 0.796283, g_bytes: 9.33549e+06, g_time: 1.10343e+08, s_bytes: 3.70093e+07, s_time: 4.64776e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 34.4067 New_limit: 34.4067 L: 23.2847 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0886441 gc_rate: 0.684631, g_bytes: 1.00432e+07, g_time: 1.13298e+08, s_bytes: 4.70162e+07, s_time: 6.86738e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 48.9884 New_limit: 48.9884 L: 34.125 Additional Memory: 14

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54768844 duration: 1.559 speed: 3.51308e+07 garbage collected: 26317880 speed: 1.68813e+07 heap limit: 51235488 size before gc: 54768844 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216983 gc_rate: 0.581855, g_bytes: 2.17152e+07, g_time: 1.00078e+08, s_bytes: 5.36639e+07, s_time: 9.22289e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.4833 New_limit: 51.4833 L: 28.451 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 48939332 duration: 21.722 speed: 2.25298e+06 garbage collected: 15977248 speed: 735533 heap limit: 48988444 size before gc: 48939332 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0875034 gc_rate: 0.682949, g_bytes: 1.02817e+07, g_time: 1.17501e+08, s_bytes: 4.8283e+07, s_time: 7.06979e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 47.4936 New_limit: 47.4936 L: 32.9621 Additional Memory: 14

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0829041 gc_rate: 0.796283, g_bytes: 9.32205e+06, g_time: 1.12444e+08, s_bytes: 3.70093e+07, s_time: 4.64776e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 34.2944 New_limit: 34.2944 L: 23.2847 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54175640 duration: 1.506 speed: 3.59732e+07 garbage collected: 25678704 speed: 1.70509e+07 heap limit: 51483333 size before gc: 54175640 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217248 gc_rate: 0.576696, g_bytes: 2.19157e+07, g_time: 1.00879e+08, s_bytes: 5.35563e+07, s_time: 9.28675e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.6649 New_limit: 51.6649 L: 28.4969 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 35311616 duration: 3.17 speed: 1.11393e+07 garbage collected: 23488732 speed: 7.40969e+06 heap limit: 34294408 size before gc: 35311616 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0809061 gc_rate: 1.28325, g_bytes: 9.4573e+06, g_time: 1.16892e+08, s_bytes: 3.57049e+07, s_time: 2.78238e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 17.9278 New_limit: 17.9278 L: 11.8229 Additional Memory: 6

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 18838156 duration: 6.773 speed: 2.78136e+06 garbage collected: 352544 speed: 52051.4 heap limit: 17927822 size before gc: 18838156 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0824397 gc_rate: 0.968422, g_bytes: 9.3352e+06, g_time: 1.13237e+08, s_bytes: 2.69206e+07, s_time: 2.77984e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 27.3559 New_limit: 27.3559 L: 18.4856 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54822452 duration: 1.87 speed: 2.93168e+07 garbage collected: 26630220 speed: 1.42408e+07 heap limit: 51664934 size before gc: 54822452 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217376 gc_rate: 0.600751, g_bytes: 2.21362e+07, g_time: 1.01834e+08, s_bytes: 5.39887e+07, s_time: 8.98687e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.7766 New_limit: 50.7766 L: 28.1922 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 47967180 duration: 6.896 speed: 6.9558e+06 garbage collected: 13832888 speed: 2.00593e+06 heap limit: 47493591 size before gc: 47967180 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0868098 gc_rate: 0.710051, g_bytes: 1.05179e+07, g_time: 1.2116e+08, s_bytes: 4.81393e+07, s_time: 6.77969e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 48.5794 New_limit: 48.5794 L: 34.1343 Additional Memory: 14

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 28751916 duration: 2.649 speed: 1.08539e+07 garbage collected: 591140 speed: 223156 heap limit: 27355904 size before gc: 28751916 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0836372 gc_rate: 0.694915, g_bytes: 9.38175e+06, g_time: 1.12172e+08, s_bytes: 2.76046e+07, s_time: 3.97237e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.1787 New_limit: 41.1787 L: 28.1608 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53582496 duration: 1.346 speed: 3.98087e+07 garbage collected: 25387356 speed: 1.88613e+07 heap limit: 50776617 size before gc: 53582496 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216342 gc_rate: 0.60818, g_bytes: 2.22989e+07, g_time: 1.03072e+08, s_bytes: 5.35851e+07, s_time: 8.81074e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.5889 New_limit: 50.5889 L: 28.1951 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabledyg_balancer flag disabled

allocation_rate: 0.216709 gc_rate: 0.60818, g_bytes: 2.15679e+07, g_time: 9.95249e+07, s_bytes: 5.35851e+07, s_time: 8.81074e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.6078 New_limit: 50.6078 L: 28.1951 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 48156964 duration: 17.944 speed: 2.68374e+06 garbage collected: 13512020 speed: 753010 heap limit: 48579374 size before gc: 48156964 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0872039 gc_rate: 0.74663, g_bytes: 1.06931e+07, g_time: 1.22622e+08, s_bytes: 4.84342e+07, s_time: 6.48705e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 48.8689 New_limit: 48.8689 L: 34.6449 Additional Memory: 14

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0868067 gc_rate: 0.74663, g_bytes: 1.02079e+07, g_time: 1.17594e+08, s_bytes: ***Calling commented Grow()***
4.84342e+07, s_time: 6.48705e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 48.8365 New_limit: 48.8365 L: 34.6449 Additional Memory: 14

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 41948276 duration: 6.123 speed: 6.85094e+06 garbage collected: 23399948 speed: 3.82165e+06 heap limit: 41178682 size before gc: 41948276 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0828025 gc_rate: 1.07819, g_bytes: 9.60204e+06, g_time: 1.15963e+08, s_bytes: 3.44193e+07, s_time: 3.19233e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 26.9877 New_limit: 26.9877 L: 18.5483 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53970000 duration: 1.193 speed: 4.52389e+07 garbage collected: 25403304 speed: 2.12936e+07 heap limit: 50607846 size before gc: 53970000 guid: 824817_139826284253960
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.216443 gc_rate: 0.588815, g_bytes: 2.17783e+07, g_time: 1.00619e+08, s_bytes: 5.33762e+07, s_time: 9.06502e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.4805 New_limit: 51.4805 L: 28.5667 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 28645956 duration: 1.324 speed: 2.16359e+07 garbage collected: 561792 speed: 424314 heap limit: 26987743 size before gc: 28645956 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.084057 gc_rate: 0.702866, g_bytes: 9.62682e+06, g_time: 1.14527e+08, s_bytes: 3.13644e+07, s_time: 4.46237e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.043 New_limit: 41.043 L: 28.0842 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0837843 gc_rate: 0.702866, g_bytes: 9.19976e+06, g_time: 1.09803e+08, s_bytes: 3.13644e+07, s_time: 4.46237e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.022 New_limit: 41.022 L: 28.0842 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53981700 duration: 1.196 speed: 4.51352e+07 garbage collected: 25780936 speed: 2.1556e+07 heap limit: 51480497 size before gc: 53981700 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216652 gc_rate: 0.584946, g_bytes: 2.19601e+07, g_time: 1.01361e+08, s_bytes: 5.34775e+07, s_time: 9.14231e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.0535 New_limit: 51.0535 L: 28.2008 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 48883016 duration: 11.64 speed: 4.19957e+06 garbage collected: 13064680 speed: 1.1224e+06 heap limit: 48836458 size before gc: 48883016 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0859711 gc_rate: 0.793662, g_bytes: 1.04094e+07, g_time: 1.21081e+08, s_bytes: 4.90128e+07, s_time: 6.17552e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 49.7466 New_limit: 49.7466 L: 35.8183 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53604896 duration: 1.263 speed: 4.24425e+07 garbage collected: 25414988 speed: 2.01227e+07 heap limit: 51053517 size before gc: 53604896 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217119 gc_rate: 0.580802, g_bytes: 2.21323e+07, g_time: 1.01936e+08, s_bytes: 5.33426e+07, s_time: 9.1843e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.1443 New_limit: 51.1443 L: 28.1899 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 41980408 duration: 10.559 speed: 3.97579e+06 garbage collected: 23415484 speed: 2.21759e+06 heap limit: 41021978 size before gc: 41980408 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0829376 gc_rate: 1.03419, g_bytes: 9.43459e+06, g_time: 1.13755e+08, s_bytes: 3.62912e+07, s_time: 3.50913e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 27.1929 New_limit: 27.1929 L: 18.5649 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 49426908 duration: 19.274 speed: 2.56443e+06 garbage collected: 11076880 speed: 574706 heap limit: 49746572 size before gc: 49426908 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0867218 gc_rate: 0.691802, g_bytes: 1.05694e+07, g_time: 1.21877e+08, s_bytes: 4.94739e+07, s_time: 7.15146e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 53.8539 New_limit: 53.8539 L: 38.35 Additional Memory: 15

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 28831128 duration: 1.849 speed: 1.55928e+07 garbage collected: 638216 speed: 345168 heap limit: 27192854 size before gc: 28831128 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0841053 gc_rate: 0.681347, g_bytes: 9.47617e+06, g_time: 1.1267e+08, s_bytes: 3.23436e+07, s_time: 4.74702e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.3841 New_limit: 41.3841 L: 28.1929 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54314476 duration: 1.05 speed: 5.17281e+07 garbage collected: 25362380 speed: 2.41546e+07 heap limit: 51144344 size before gc: 54314476 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.215827 gc_rate: 0.590675, g_bytes: 2.23319e+07, g_time: 1.03471e+08, s_bytes: 5.37198e+07, s_time: 9.09465e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.9508 New_limit: 51.9508 L: 28.9521 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.216067 gc_rate: 0.590675, g_bytes: 2.17263e+07, g_time: 1.00554e+08, s_bytes: 5.37198e+07, s_time: 9.09465e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.9636 New_limit: 51.9636 L: 28.9521 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0868076 gc_rate: 0.691802, g_bytes: 1.07751e+07, g_time: 1.24127e+08, s_bytes: 4.94739e+07, s_time: 7.15146e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 53.8616 New_limit: 53.8616 L: 38.35 Additional Memory: 15

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 55469344 duration: 1.48 speed: 3.74793e+07 garbage collected: 27021552 speed: 1.82578e+07 heap limit: 51963609 size before gc: 55469344 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216703 gc_rate: 0.576095, g_bytes: 2.19659e+07, g_time: 1.01364e+08, s_bytes: 5.42758e+07, s_time: 9.42133e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.5788 New_limit: 51.5788 L: 28.4478 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 53462844 duration: 1.435 speed: 3.72563e+07 garbage collected: 16221176 speed: 1.1304e+07 heap limit: 53861602 size before gc: 53462844 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0863159 gc_rate: 0.837268, g_bytes: 1.0992e+07, g_time: 1.27346e+08, s_bytes: 5.18895e+07, s_time: 6.19748e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.0969 New_limit: 51.0969 L: 37.2417 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 42454500 duration: 10.058 speed: 4.22097e+06 garbage collected: 23368472 speed: 2.32337e+06 heap limit: 41384057 size before gc: 42454500 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0832676 gc_rate: 1.0192, g_bytes: 9.71544e+06, g_time: 1.16677e+08, s_bytes: 3.69603e+07, s_time: 3.62641e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 27.9158 New_limit: 27.9158 L: 19.086 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.0839557 gc_rate: 1.0192, g_bytes: 9.40634e+06, g_time: 1.12039e+08, s_bytes: 3.69603e+07, s_time: 3.62641e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 27.9522 New_limit: 27.9522 L: 19.086 Additional Memory: 8

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 55313076 duration: 1.876 speed: 2.94846e+07 garbage collected: 26610408 speed: 1.41847e+07 heap limit: 51578795 size before gc: 55313076 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217534 gc_rate: 0.5599, g_bytes: 2.22108e+07, g_time: 1.02103e+08, s_bytes: 5.43352e+07, s_time: 9.70446e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 52.3158 New_limit: 52.3158 L: 28.7027 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 51119996 duration: 19.341 speed: 2.64309e+06 garbage collected: 13138560 speed: 679311 heap limit: 51096866 size before gc: 51119996 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0872413 gc_rate: 0.732585, g_bytes: 1.11363e+07, g_time: 1.2765e+08, s_bytes: 5.17629e+07, s_time: 7.06579e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 53.0199 New_limit: 53.0199 L: 37.9814 Additional Memory: 15

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 28822192 duration: 1.325 speed: 2.17526e+07 garbage collected: 644792 speed: 486635 heap limit: 27952245 size before gc: 28822192 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.085013 gc_rate: 0.664343, g_bytes: 9.42284e+06, g_time: 1.1084e+08, s_bytes: 3.27485e+07, s_time: 4.92945e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.6045 New_limit: 41.6045 L: 28.1774 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54997604 duration: 1.882 speed: 2.9223e+07 garbage collected: 26791676 speed: 1.42357e+07 heap limit: 52315836 size before gc: 54997604 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217756 gc_rate: 0.589074, g_bytes: 2.2415e+07, g_time: 1.02936e+08, s_bytes: 5.44677e+07, s_time: 9.24633e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.0386 New_limit: 51.0386 L: 28.2059 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 52423492 duration: 19.434 speed: 2.69751e+06 garbage collected: 13518508 speed: 695611 heap limit: 53019876 size before gc: 52423492 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0870059 gc_rate: 0.703231, g_bytes: 1.13016e+07, g_time: 1.29895e+08, s_bytes: 5.2423e+07, s_time: 7.4546e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 54.4186 New_limit: 54.4186 L: 38.905 Additional Memory: 15

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53800512 duration: 1.149 speed: 4.68238e+07 garbage collected: 25402768 speed: 2.21086e+07 heap limit: 51038552 size before gc: 53800512 guid: 824817_139826284253960
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.21757 gc_rate: 0.558993, g_bytes: 2.2574e+07, g_time: 1.03755e+08, s_bytes: 5.38345e+07, s_time: 9.63062e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.9061 New_limit: 51.9061 L: 28.3977 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 42772780 duration: 9.361 speed: 4.56925e+06 garbage collected: 23150984 speed: 2.47313e+06 heap limit: 41604497 size before gc: 42772780 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.083956 gc_rate: 0.886642, g_bytes: 9.68146e+06, g_time: 1.15316e+08, s_bytes: 3.75296e+07, s_time: 4.23278e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 29.2602 New_limit: 29.2602 L: 19.6218 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.217863 gc_rate: 0.558993, g_bytes: 2.22131e+07, g_time: 1.01959e+08, s_bytes: 5.38345e+07, s_time: 9.63062e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.922 New_limit: 51.922 L: 28.3977 Additional Memory: 23

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 30402984 duration: 2.054 speed: 1.48018e+07 garbage collected: 2138036 speed: 1.04091e+06 heap limit: 29260223 size before gc: 30402984 guid: 824817_139826082927368
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.0851982 gc_rate: 0.670371, g_bytes: 9.73645e+06, g_time: 1.1428e+08, s_bytes: 3.36465e+07, s_time: 5.01909e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.6669 New_limit: 41.6669 L: 28.2649 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0872139 gc_rate: 0.703231, g_bytes: 1.13388e+07, g_time: 1.30011e+08, s_bytes: 5.2423e+07, s_time: 7.4546e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 54.4371 New_limit: 54.4371 L: 38.905 Additional Memory: 15

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 55215296 duration: 1.835 speed: 3.00901e+07 garbage collected: 26560140 speed: 1.44742e+07 heap limit: 51921986 size before gc: 55215296 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.21803 gc_rate: 0.597238, g_bytes: 2.24433e+07, g_time: 1.02937e+08, s_bytes: 5.40922e+07, s_time: 9.05706e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.5254 New_limit: 51.5254 L: 28.6552 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 53822512 duration: 16.37 speed: 3.28787e+06 garbage collected: 13686100 speed: 836048 heap limit: 54437135 size before gc: 53822512 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.086674 gc_rate: 0.681125, g_bytes: 1.15177e+07, g_time: 1.32885e+08, s_bytes: 5.34397e+07, s_time: 7.8458e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 56.1167 New_limit: 56.1167 L: 40.1364 Additional Memory: 15

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0816025 gc_rate: 0.670371, g_bytes: 9.36955e+06, g_time: 1.14819e+08, s_bytes: 3.36465e+07, s_time: 5.01909e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.381 New_limit: 41.381 L: 28.2649 Additional Memory: 13

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabledyg_balancer flag disabled

gc, name: splay.js size: 54077712 duration: 1.571 speed: 3.44225e+07 garbage collected: 25880356 speed: 1.64738e+07 heap limit: 51525417 size before gc: 54077712 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217609 gc_rate: 0.588444, g_bytes: 2.25922e+07, g_time: 1.0382e+08, s_bytes: 5.38843e+07, s_time: 9.15708e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.031 New_limit: 51.031 L: 28.1974 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 42233848 duration: 19.76 speed: 2.13734e+06 garbage collected: 21683104 speed: 1.09732e+06 heap limit: 41381001 size before gc: 42233848 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0806664 gc_rate: 0.80046, g_bytes: 9.59952e+06, g_time: 1.19003e+08, s_bytes: 3.7602e+07, s_time: 4.69754e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 30.7267 New_limit: 30.7267 L: 20.5507 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53426312 duration: 1.213 speed: 4.40448e+07 garbage collected: 25349608 speed: 2.08983e+07 heap limit: 51030997 size before gc: 53426312 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217411 gc_rate: 0.605534, g_bytes: 2.27241e+07, g_time: 1.04522e+08, s_bytes: 5.35243e+07, s_time: 8.83919e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.5274 New_limit: 50.5274 L: 28.0767 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 55705600 duration: 20.056 speed: 2.7775e+06 garbage collected: 13546672 speed: 675442 heap limit: 56116724 size before gc: 55705600 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0866408 gc_rate: 0.718817, g_bytes: 1.17203e+07, g_time: 1.35274e+08, s_bytes: 5.48148e+07, s_time: 7.6257e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 58.0987 New_limit: 58.0987 L: 42.1589 Additional Memory: 15

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 32250692 duration: 1.901 speed: 1.69651e+07 garbage collected: 2480564 speed: 1.30487e+06 heap limit: 30726702 size before gc: 32250692 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0815626 gc_rate: 0.617759, g_bytes: 9.70454e+06, g_time: 1.18983e+08, s_bytes: 3.45563e+07, s_time: 5.59382e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 43.7889 New_limit: 43.7889 L: 29.7701 Additional Memory: 14

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 53475560 duration: 1.303 speed: 4.10403e+07 garbage collected: 25213816 speed: 1.93506e+07 heap limit: 50527354 size before gc: 53475560 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.21572 gc_rate: 0.58955, g_bytes: 2.28578e+07, g_time: 1.0596e+08, s_bytes: 5.32643e+07, s_time: 9.03474e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.0007 New_limit: 51.0007 L: 28.2617 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
allocation_rate: 0.216092 gc_rate: 0.58955, g_bytes: 2.24944e+07, g_time: 1.04096e+08, s_bytes: 5.32643e+07, s_time: 9.03474e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.0202 New_limit: 51.0202 L: 28.2617 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 57713124 duration: 15.58 speed: 3.70431e+06 garbage collected: 16138304 speed: 1.03583e+06 heap limit: 58098685 size before gc: 57713124 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0866956 gc_rate: 0.765332, g_bytes: 1.1912e+07, g_time: 1.374e+08, s_bytes: 5.65722e+07, s_time: 7.39185e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 56.9201 New_limit: 56.9201 L: 41.5748 Additional Memory: 15

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54005964 duration: 1.561 speed: 3.4597e+07 garbage collected: 25484840 speed: 1.6326e+07 heap limit: 51020246 size before gc: 54005964 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216297 gc_rate: 0.585592, g_bytes: 2.26569e+07, g_time: 1.04749e+08, s_bytes: 5.3262e+07, s_time: 9.09542e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.4718 New_limit: 51.4718 L: 28.5211 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.086034 gc_rate: 0.765332, g_bytes: 1.13777e+07, g_time: 1.32246e+08, s_bytes: 5.65722e+07, s_time: 7.39185e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 56.8614 New_limit: 56.8614 L: 41.5748 Additional Memory: 15

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 44688068 duration: 13.301 speed: 3.35975e+06 garbage collected: 21924656 speed: 1.64835e+06 heap limit: 43788940 size before gc: 44688068 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0821587 gc_rate: 0.724272, g_bytes: 9.96521e+06, g_time: 1.21292e+08, s_bytes: 3.91973e+07, s_time: 5.41196e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 34.1261 New_limit: 34.1261 L: 22.7634 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54081024 duration: 1.511 speed: 3.57915e+07 garbage collected: 25618448 speed: 1.69546e+07 heap limit: 51471849 size before gc: 54081024 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216841 gc_rate: 0.601129, g_bytes: 2.2802e+07, g_time: 1.05155e+08, s_bytes: 5.33397e+07, s_time: 8.87326e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.1199 New_limit: 51.1199 L: 28.4626 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0817994 gc_rate: 0.724272, g_bytes: 9.87989e+06, g_time: 1.20782e+08, s_bytes: 3.91973e+07, s_time: 5.41196e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 34.1012 New_limit: 34.1012 L: 22.7634 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 56898784 duration: 19.613 speed: 2.90108e+06 garbage collected: 14070276 speed: 717395 heap limit: 56861395 size before gc: 56898784 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0857251 gc_rate: 0.650066, g_bytes: 1.1575e+07, g_time: 1.35024e+08, s_bytes: 5.67285e+07, s_time: 8.72657e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 59.6331 New_limit: 59.6331 L: 42.8285 Additional Memory: 16

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 35301280 duration: 2.194 speed: 1.60899e+07 garbage collected: 23533648 speed: 1.07264e+07 heap limit: 34101186 size before gc: 35301280 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0796901 gc_rate: 1.14276, g_bytes: 1.00128e+07, g_time: 1.25647e+08, s_bytes: 3.67476e+07, s_time: 3.21568e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 18.1731 New_limit: 18.1731 L: 11.7676 Additional Memory: 6

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53769920 duration: 1.146 speed: 4.69196e+07 garbage collected: 25638176 speed: 2.23719e+07 heap limit: 51119935 size before gc: 53769920 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216822 gc_rate: 0.610561, g_bytes: 2.29273e+07, g_time: 1.05743e+08, s_bytes: 5.33871e+07, s_time: 8.74393e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.4814 New_limit: 50.4814 L: 28.1317 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 19254640 duration: 6.669 speed: 2.88719e+06 garbage collected: 382868 speed: 57410.1 heap limit: 18173140 size before gc: 19254640 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0813116 gc_rate: 1.00804, g_bytes: 9.8865e+06, g_time: 1.21588e+08, s_bytes: 2.76334e+07, s_time: 2.74129e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 27.596 New_limit: 27.596 L: 18.8718 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 53500620 duration: 1.423 speed: 3.75971e+07 garbage collected: 25293116 speed: 1.77745e+07 heap limit: 50481356 size before gc: 53500620 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.21746 gc_rate: 0.592036, g_bytes: 2.30494e+07, g_time: 1.05994e+08, s_bytes: 5.32425e+07, s_time: 8.99312e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.968 New_limit: 50.968 L: 28.2075 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 59289436 duration: 22.453 speed: 2.6406e+06 garbage collected: 13780588 speed: 613753 heap limit: 59633060 size before gc: 59289436 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.086398 gc_rate: 0.584277, g_bytes: 1.18193e+07, g_time: 1.36801e+08, s_bytes: 5.83455e+07, s_time: 9.98594e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 63.8521 New_limit: 63.8521 L: 45.5088 Additional Memory: 18

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 29200788 duration: 3.59 speed: 8.13392e+06 garbage collected: 790692 speed: 220248 heap limit: 27596015 size before gc: 29200788 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0826138 gc_rate: 0.674414, g_bytes: 9.90863e+06, g_time: 1.19939e+08, s_bytes: 2.79892e+07, s_time: 4.15015e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.6013 New_limit: 41.6013 L: 28.4101 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.217043 gc_rate: 0.592036, g_bytes: 2.29993e+07, g_time: 1.05967e+08, s_bytes: 5.32425e+07, s_time: 8.99312e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.9462 New_limit: 50.9462 L: 28.2075 Additional Memory: 22

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53359788 duration: 0.704 speed: 7.57952e+07 garbage collected: 25347556 speed: 3.60051e+07 heap limit: 50946205 size before gc: 53359788 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.215525 gc_rate: 0.609197, g_bytes: 2.31069e+07, g_time: 1.07212e+08, s_bytes: 5.31936e+07, s_time: 8.73176e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.2724 New_limit: 50.2724 L: 28.0122 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0852831 gc_rate: 0.584277, g_bytes: 1.16547e+07, g_time: 1.3666e+08, s_bytes: 5.83455e+07, s_time: 9.98594e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 63.7333 New_limit: 63.7333 L: 45.5088 Additional Memory: 18

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled824817_139826082927368
 start incremtal marking!yg_balancer flag disabled

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 42706800 duration: 8.294 speed: 5.14912e+06 garbage collected: 23521952 speed: 2.83602e+06 heap limit: 41601300 size before gc: 42706800 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.082135 gc_rate: 1.03139, g_bytes: 1.0128e+07, g_time: 1.2331e+08, s_bytes: 3.49616e+07, s_time: 3.38977e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 27.925 New_limit: 27.925 L: 19.1848 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 53292952 duration: ***Calling commented Grow()***
1.272 speed: 4.1897e+07 garbage collected: 25162092 speed: 1.97815e+07 heap limit: 50272421 size before gc: 53292952 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216087 gc_rate: 0.591004, g_bytes: 2.32156e+07, g_time: 1.07437e+08, s_bytes: 5.3069e+07, s_time: 8.97948e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.8084 New_limit: 50.8084 L: 28.1309 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 63053500 duration: 18.878 speed: 3.34005e+06 garbage collected: 16537844 speed: 876038 heap limit: 63733324 size before gc: 63053500 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0847686 gc_rate: 0.605544, g_bytes: 1.19492e+07, g_time: 1.40963e+08, s_bytes: 6.10804e+07, s_time: 1.00869e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 64.5595 New_limit: 64.5595 L: 46.5157 Additional Memory: 18

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0832296 gc_rate: 1.03139, g_bytes: 9.96585e+06, g_time: 1.19739e+08, s_bytes: 3.49616e+07, s_time: 3.38977e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 27.983 New_limit: 27.983 L: 19.1848 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 28958232 duration: 1.401 speed: 2.06697e+07 garbage collected: 694832 speed: 495954 heap limit: 27983024 size before gc: 28958232 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.084165 gc_rate: 0.69677, g_bytes: 9.95622e+06, g_time: 1.18294e+08, s_bytes: 3.18071e+07, s_time: 4.56494e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.3287 New_limit: 41.3287 L: 28.2634 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53470700 duration: 1.388 speed: 3.85236e+07 garbage collected: 25256576 speed: 1.81964e+07 heap limit: 50808380 size before gc: 53470700 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.215561 gc_rate: 0.582521, g_bytes: 2.33218e+07, g_time: 1.08192e+08, s_bytes: 5.30627e+07, s_time: 9.10914e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.0621 New_limit: 51.0621 L: 28.2141 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 64223136 duration: 27.487 speed: ***Calling commented Grow()***
2.33649e+06 garbage collected: 16589932 speed: 603556 heap limit: 64559508 size before gc: 64223136 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0852939 gc_rate: 0.598984, g_bytes: 1.22372e+07, g_time: 1.4347e+08, s_bytes: 6.29999e+07, s_time: 1.05178e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 66.049 New_limit: 66.049 L: 47.6332 Additional Memory: 18

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54039000 duration: 3.214 speed: 1.68136e+07 garbage collected: 25389660 speed: 7.89971e+06 heap limit: 51062067 size before gc: 54039000 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216325 gc_rate: 0.55246, g_bytes: 2.3447e+07, g_time: 1.08388e+08, s_bytes: 5.31205e+07, s_time: 9.61527e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 52.3328 New_limit: 52.3328 L: 28.6493 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 42174432 duration: 23.086 speed: 1.82684e+06 garbage collected: 23356136 speed: 1.0117e+06 heap limit: 41328660 size before gc: 42174432 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0830837 gc_rate: 0.825777, g_bytes: 1.0154e+07, g_time: 1.22214e+08, s_bytes: 3.66378e+07, s_time: 4.43677e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 28.548 New_limit: 28.548 L: 18.8183 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54827956 duration: 0.818 speed: 6.70268e+07 garbage collected: 26739228 speed: 3.26885e+07 heap limit: 52332788 size before gc: 54827956 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216817 gc_rate: 0.598289, g_bytes: 2.35836e+07, g_time: 1.08772e+08, s_bytes: 5.38372e+07, s_time: 8.99853e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.6489 New_limit: 50.6489 L: 28.0887 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.216422 gc_rate: 0.598289, g_bytes: 2.24161e+07, g_time: 1.03576e+08, s_bytes: 5.38372e+07, s_time: 8.99853e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.6283 New_limit: 50.6283 L: 28.0887 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 29179056 duration: 1.213 speed: 2.40553e+07 garbage collected: 2108680 speed: 1.7384e+06 heap limit: 28548045 size before gc: 29179056 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0840226 gc_rate: 0.685377, g_bytes: 1.01643e+07, g_time: 1.20971e+08, s_bytes: 3.27544e+07, s_time: 4.77903e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 39.9518 New_limit: 39.9518 L: 27.0704 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0856583 gc_rate: 0.598984, g_bytes: 1.24195e+07, g_time: 1.44989e+08, s_bytes: 6.29999e+07, s_time: 1.05178e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 66.0883 New_limit: 66.0883 L: 47.6332 Additional Memory: 18

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 66431708 duration: 7.06 speed: 9.40959e+06 garbage collected: 19237100 speed: 2.7248e+06 heap limit: 66088328 size before gc: 66431708 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0859713 gc_rate: 0.655969, g_bytes: 1.27385e+07, g_time: 1.48171e+08, s_bytes: 6.50189e+07, s_time: 9.91189e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 64.7806 New_limit: 64.7806 L: 47.1946 Additional Memory: 17

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53552292 duration: 2.149 speed: 2.49196e+07 garbage collected: 25222744 speed: 1.1737e+07 heap limit: 50628349 size before gc: 53552292 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216704 gc_rate: 0.600001, g_bytes: 2.25685e+07, g_time: 1.04144e+08, s_bytes: 5.34404e+07, s_time: 8.90672e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.948 New_limit: 50.948 L: 28.3295 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0818229 gc_rate: 0.685377, g_bytes: 9.98172e+06, g_time: 1.21992e+08, s_bytes: 3.27544e+07, s_time: 4.77903e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 39.7821 New_limit: 39.7821 L: 27.0704 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 40719444 duration: 10.13 speed: 4.01969e+06 garbage collected: 21807244 speed: 2.15274e+06 heap limit: 39782108 size before gc: 40719444 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0814714 gc_rate: 0.909543, g_bytes: 1.01651e+07, g_time: 1.24769e+08, s_bytes: 3.63455e+07, s_time: 3.99602e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 28.1156 New_limit: 28.1156 L: 18.9122 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 53760908 duration: 1.58 speed: 3.40259e+07 garbage collected: 25491924 speed: 1.61341e+07 heap limit: 50947954 size before gc: 53760908 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216279 gc_rate: 0.611134, g_bytes: 2.27116e+07, g_time: 1.05011e+08, s_bytes: 5.33664e+07, s_time: 8.73236e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.6345 New_limit: 50.6345 L: 28.269 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 29312080 duration: 1.714 speed: 1.71016e+07 garbage collected: 2329620 speed: 1.35917e+06 heap limit: 28115570 size before gc: 29312080 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0828413 gc_rate: 0.662778, g_bytes: 1.01768e+07, g_time: 1.22847e+08, s_bytes: 3.23681e+07, s_time: 4.88371e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 39.9682 New_limit: 39.9682 L: 26.9825 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 64053824 duration: 21.544 speed: 2.97316e+06 garbage collected: 14366616 speed: 666850 heap limit: 64780585 size before gc: 64053824 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0855555 gc_rate: 0.673767, g_bytes: 1.29445e+07, g_time: 1.513e+08, s_bytes: 6.49049e+07, s_time: 9.63315e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 67.4486 New_limit: 67.4486 L: 49.6872 Additional Memory: 17

yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53792428 duration: 1.779 speed: 3.02375e+07 garbage collected: 25400828 speed: 1.42781e+07 heap limit: 50634489 size before gc: 53792428 guid: 824817_139826284253960
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.216398 gc_rate: 0.58837, g_bytes: 2.28522e+07, g_time: 1.05603e+08, s_bytes: 5.32777e+07, s_time: 9.05513e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.2413 New_limit: 51.2413 L: 28.3916 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53755012 duration: 1.231 speed: 4.36678e+07 garbage collected: 25483736 speed: 2.07017e+07 heap limit: 51241329 size before gc: 53755012 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216811 gc_rate: 0.602783, g_bytes: 2.29778e+07, g_time: 1.05981e+08, s_bytes: 5.32807e+07, s_time: 8.83911e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.8198 New_limit: 50.8198 L: 28.2713 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.216588 gc_rate: 0.602783, g_bytes: 2.21504e+07, g_time: 1.0227e+08, s_bytes: 5.32807e+07, s_time: 8.83911e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.8082 New_limit: 50.8082 L: 28.2713 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 40839820 duration: 19.242 speed: 2.12243e+06 garbage collected: 21981224 speed: 1.14236e+06 heap limit: 39968161 size before gc: 40839820 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0821395 gc_rate: 1.01961, g_bytes: 1.03609e+07, g_time: 1.26137e+08, s_bytes: 3.62365e+07, s_time: 3.55395e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 27.5742 New_limit: 27.5742 L: 18.8586 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0849622 gc_rate: 0.673767, g_bytes: 1.31718e+07, g_time: 1.55031e+08, s_bytes: 6.49049e+07, s_time: 9.63315e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 67.3869 New_limit: 67.3869 L: 49.6872 Additional Memory: 17

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 66803472 duration: 37.56 speed: 1.77858e+06 garbage collected: 16631464 speed: 442797 heap limit: 67386888 size before gc: 66803472 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: ***Calling commented Grow()***
0.0851274 gc_rate: 0.649233, g_bytes: 1.3369e+07, g_time: 1.57047e+08, s_bytes: 6.61865e+07, s_time: 1.01946e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 68.3084 New_limit: 68.3084 L: 50.172 Additional Memory: 18

yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53757936 duration: 1.395 speed: 3.85362e+07 garbage collected: 25366012 speed: 1.81835e+07 heap limit: 50808156 size before gc: 53757936 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216743 gc_rate: 0.592059, g_bytes: 2.23172e+07, g_time: 1.02966e+08, s_bytes: 5.3222e+07, s_time: 8.98931e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.1886 New_limit: 51.1886 L: 28.3919 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 29140548 duration: 1.695 speed: 1.71921e+07 garbage collected: 771892 speed: 455394 heap limit: 27574227 size before gc: 29140548 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0828341 gc_rate: 0.700118, g_bytes: 1.03569e+07, g_time: 1.25032e+08, s_bytes: 3.22876e+07, s_time: 4.61173e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.3232 New_limit: 41.3232 L: 28.3687 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.082359 gc_rate: 0.700118, g_bytes: 9.99736e+06, g_time: 1.21388e+08, s_bytes: 3.22876e+07, s_time: 4.61173e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.286 New_limit: 41.286 L: 28.3687 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53754508 duration: 1.192 speed: 4.50961e+07 garbage collected: 25550744 speed: 2.14352e+07 heap limit: 51188635 size before gc: 53754508 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216845 gc_rate: 0.585293, g_bytes: 2.24694e+07, g_time: 1.0362e+08, s_bytes: 5.32865e+07, s_time: 9.10425e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.0611 New_limit: 51.0611 L: 28.2038 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 67786820 duration: 18.262 speed: 3.71191e+06 garbage collected: 16598052 speed: 908885 heap limit: 68308372 size before gc: 67786820 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0855632 gc_rate: 0.628569, g_bytes: 1.35813e+07, g_time: 1.58729e+08, s_bytes: 6.73221e+07, s_time: 1.07104e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 69.8543 New_limit: 69.8543 L: 51.1888 Additional Memory: 18

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 42413904 duration: 6.705 speed: 6.32571e+06 garbage collected: 23517640 speed: 3.50748e+06 heap limit: 41286027 size before gc: 42413904 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0814357 gc_rate: 1.02722, g_bytes: 1.01998e+07, g_time: 1.25249e+08, s_bytes: 3.68885e+07, s_time: 3.59111e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 27.5509 New_limit: 27.5509 L: 18.8963 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53650944 duration: 2.253 speed: 2.38131e+07 garbage collected: 25316336 speed: 1.12367e+07 heap limit: 51061142 size before gc: 53650944 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.21673 gc_rate: 0.556175, g_bytes: 2.26183e+07, g_time: 1.04362e+08, s_bytes: 5.31969e+07, s_time: 9.56478e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.8308 New_limit: 51.8308 L: 28.3346 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 29224560 duration: 2.167 speed: 1.34862e+07 garbage collected: 784760 speed: 362141 heap limit: 27550915 size before gc: 29224560 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.082873 gc_rate: 0.74935, g_bytes: 1.02062e+07, g_time: 1.23155e+08, s_bytes: 3.2626e+07, s_time: 4.35391e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 40.9802 New_limit: 40.9802 L: 28.4398 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54774440 duration: 1.195 speed: 4.58364e+07 garbage collected: 26449388 speed: 2.21334e+07 heap limit: 51830818 size before gc: 54774440 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.2171 gc_rate: 0.57204, g_bytes: 2.28094e+07, g_time: 1.05064e+08, s_bytes: 5.37268e+07, s_time: 9.39214e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.509 New_limit: 51.509 L: 28.3251 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 69518448 duration: 24.224 speed: 2.86982e+06 garbage collected: 16757572 speed: 691776 heap limit: 69854258 size before gc: 69518448 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0859648 gc_rate: 0.699019, g_bytes: 1.38187e+07, g_time: 1.60749e+08, s_bytes: 6.86185e+07, s_time: 9.81639e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 70.7727 New_limit: 70.7727 L: 52.7609 Additional Memory: 18

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.218001 gc_rate: 0.57204, g_bytes: 2.23767e+07, g_time: 1.02645e+08, s_bytes: 5.37268e+07, s_time: 9.39214e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.557 New_limit: 51.557 L: 28.3251 Additional Memory: 23

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0859939 gc_rate: 0.699019, g_bytes: 1.33937e+07, g_time: 1.55752e+08, s_bytes: 6.86185e+07, s_time: 9.81639e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 70.7757 New_limit: 70.7757 L: 52.7609 Additional Memory: 18

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54803128 duration: 1.225 speed: 4.47372e+07 garbage collected: 26471124 speed: 2.16091e+07 heap limit: 51557024 size before gc: 54803128 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218744 gc_rate: 0.577054, g_bytes: 2.25817e+07, g_time: 1.03234e+08, s_bytes: 5.39968e+07, s_time: 9.35732e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.5051 New_limit: 51.5051 L: 28.332 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 41866336 duration: 8.444 speed: 4.95812e+06 garbage collected: 23459652 speed: 2.77826e+06 heap limit: 40980227 size before gc: 41866336 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0818319 gc_rate: 1.02458, g_bytes: 1.03672e+07, g_time: 1.26689e+08, s_bytes: 3.68762e+07, s_time: 3.59915e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 26.9802 New_limit: 26.9802 L: 18.4067 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0826966 gc_rate: 1.02458, g_bytes: 1.01972e+07, g_time: 1.23309e+08, s_bytes: 3.68762e+07, s_time: 3.59915e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 27.0254 New_limit: 27.0254 L: 18.4067 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54927024 duration: 2.26 speed: 2.4304e+07 garbage collected: 26393412 speed: 1.16785e+07 heap limit: 51505080 size before gc: 54927024 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.219581 gc_rate: 0.575943, g_bytes: 2.27824e+07, g_time: 1.03754e+08, s_bytes: 5.40906e+07, s_time: 9.39166e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.8559 New_limit: 51.8559 L: 28.5336 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 28978024 duration: 2.346 speed: 1.23521e+07 garbage collected: 592228 speed: 252442 heap limit: 27025417 size before gc: 28978024 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0831906 gc_rate: 0.682451, g_bytes: 1.0216e+07, g_time: 1.22802e+08, s_bytes: 3.25316e+07, s_time: 4.76688e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.5392 New_limit: 41.5392 L: 28.3858 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 70275172 duration: 29.96 speed: 2.34563e+06 garbage collected: 17186168 speed: 573637 heap limit: 70775714 size before gc: 70275172 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0857646 gc_rate: 0.663956, g_bytes: 1.35997e+07, g_time: 1.5857e+08, s_bytes: 6.97565e+07, s_time: 1.05062e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 71.606 New_limit: 71.606 L: 53.089 Additional Memory: 18

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 55409580 duration: 0.897 speed: 6.17721e+07 garbage collected: 26585552 speed: 2.96383e+07 heap limit: 51855875 size before gc: 55409580 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218512 gc_rate: 0.588977, g_bytes: 2.29871e+07, g_time: 1.05198e+08, s_bytes: 5.472e+07, s_time: 9.29068e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.9474 New_limit: 51.9474 L: 28.824 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 55368668 duration: 1.465 speed: 3.77943e+07 garbage collected: 26961028 speed: 1.84034e+07 heap limit: 51947359 size before gc: 55368668 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.219436 gc_rate: 0.587419, g_bytes: 2.3165e+07, g_time: 1.05566e+08, s_bytes: 5.47392e+07, s_time: 9.31859e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.4423 New_limit: 51.4423 L: 28.4076 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 42443496 duration: 28.234 speed: 1.50328e+06 garbage collected: 23633692 speed: 837065 heap limit: 41539159 size before gc: 42443496 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.082362 gc_rate: 0.757172, g_bytes: 1.0408e+07, g_time: 1.26369e+08, s_bytes: 3.70646e+07, s_time: 4.89514e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 28.9243 New_limit: 28.9243 L: 18.8098 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 70990116 duration: 18.772 speed: 3.7817e+06 garbage collected: 16856888 speed: 897980 heap limit: 71606049 size before gc: 70990116 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0860656 gc_rate: 0.646187, g_bytes: 1.38148e+07, g_time: 1.60515e+08, s_bytes: 7.07038e+07, s_time: 1.09417e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 73.1201 New_limit: 73.1201 L: 54.1332 Additional Memory: 18

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.219079 gc_rate: 0.587419, g_bytes: 2.28213e+07, g_time: 1.04169e+08, s_bytes: 5.47392e+07, s_time: 9.31859e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.4236 New_limit: 51.4236 L: 28.4076 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabledyg_balancer flag disabled

***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.0859324 gc_rate: 0.646187, g_bytes: 1.35443e+07, g_time: 1.57616e+08, s_bytes: 7.07038e+07, s_time: 1.09417e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 73.1054 New_limit: 73.1054 L: 54.1332 Additional Memory: 18

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 30322980 duration: 1.615 speed: 1.87758e+07 garbage collected: 2139884 speed: 1.32501e+06 heap limit: 28924278 size before gc: 30322980 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0833929 gc_rate: 0.646257, g_bytes: 1.04633e+07, g_time: 1.2547e+08, s_bytes: 3.34652e+07, s_time: 5.17832e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.6678 New_limit: 41.6678 L: 28.1831 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54414932 duration: 1.21 speed: 4.4971e+07 garbage collected: 26411336 speed: 2.18276e+07 heap limit: 51423602 size before gc: 54414932 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217588 gc_rate: 0.566413, g_bytes: 2.29806e+07, g_time: 1.05615e+08, s_bytes: 5.44878e+07, s_time: 9.61979e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.1959 New_limit: 51.1959 L: 28.0036 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 72705520 duration: 19.588 speed: 3.71174e+06 garbage collected: 16784064 speed: 856854 heap limit: 73105373 size before gc: 72705520 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0864313 gc_rate: 0.599314, g_bytes: 1.37957e+07, g_time: 1.59615e+08, s_bytes: 7.19192e+07, s_time: 1.20002e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 76.0023 New_limit: 76.0023 L: 55.9215 Additional Memory: 20

yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0807029 gc_rate: 0.646257, g_bytes: 1.00686e+07, g_time: 1.24761e+08, s_bytes: 3.34652e+07, s_time: 5.17832e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.4485 New_limit: 41.4485 L: 28.1831 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 55097368 duration: 1.95 speed: 2.82551e+07 garbage collected: 26031444 speed: 1.33495e+07 heap limit: 51195862 size before gc: 55097368 guid: 824817_139826284253960
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.217167 gc_rate: 0.55415, g_bytes: 2.31863e+07, g_time: 1.06767e+08, s_bytes: 5.46248e+07, s_time: 9.8574e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 52.9308 New_limit: 52.9308 L: 29.0659 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabledyg_balancer flag disabled

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 42315724 duration: 6.933 speed: 6.10352e+06 garbage collected: 21797616 speed: 3.14404e+06 heap limit: 41448529 size before gc: 42315724 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0804276 gc_rate: 0.876305, g_bytes: 1.02718e+07, g_time: 1.27715e+08, s_bytes: 3.75568e+07, s_time: 4.28581e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 30.2216 New_limit: 30.2216 L: 20.5181 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 55439436 duration: 2.027 speed: 2.73505e+07 garbage collected: 27178244 speed: 1.34081e+07 heap limit: 52930847 size before gc: 55439436 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.215762 gc_rate: 0.571944, g_bytes: 2.33456e+07, g_time: 1.08201e+08, s_bytes: 5.47925e+07, s_time: 9.58005e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.3494 New_limit: 51.3494 L: 28.2612 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 31388432 duration: 1.723 speed: 1.82173e+07 garbage collected: 2179168 speed: 1.26475e+06 heap limit: 30221612 size before gc: 31388432 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0814674 gc_rate: 0.673266, g_bytes: 1.03017e+07, g_time: 1.26452e+08, s_bytes: 3.41956e+07, s_time: 5.07905e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 42.5029 New_limit: 42.5029 L: 29.2093 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54627328 duration: 1.96 speed: 2.78711e+07 garbage collected: 26312312 speed: 1.34246e+07 heap limit: 51349440 size before gc: 54627328 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.2147 gc_rate: 0.583084, g_bytes: 2.34967e+07, g_time: 1.0944e+08, s_bytes: 5.44486e+07, s_time: 9.33802e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.147 New_limit: 51.147 L: 28.315 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 75846492 duration: 10.402 speed: 7.29153e+06 garbage collected: 19896264 speed: 1.91273e+06 heap limit: 76002316 size before gc: 75846492 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0845285 gc_rate: 0.660277, g_bytes: 1.41022e+07, g_time: 1.66834e+08, s_bytes: 7.40846e+07, s_time: 1.12202e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 74.8747 New_limit: 74.8747 L: 55.9502 Additional Memory: 18

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.215118 gc_rate: 0.583084, g_bytes: 2.27998e+07, g_time: 1.05987e+08, s_bytes: 5.44486e+07, s_time: 9.33802e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.1692 New_limit: 51.1692 L: 28.315 Additional Memory: 22
yg_balancer flag disabled

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 43438316 duration: 9.19 speed: 4.72669e+06 garbage collected: 21608656 speed: 2.35132e+06 heap limit: 42502903 size before gc: 43438316 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0815614 gc_rate: 0.884761, g_bytes: 1.04981e+07, g_time: 1.28714e+08, s_bytes: 3.84785e+07, s_time: 4.34903e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 31.8605 New_limit: 31.8605 L: 21.8297 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.084942 gc_rate: 0.660277, g_bytes: 1.37643e+07, g_time: 1.62044e+08, s_bytes: 7.40846e+07, s_time: 1.12202e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 74.921 New_limit: 74.921 L: 55.9502 Additional Memory: 18

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53529816 duration: 1.135 speed: 4.71628e+07 garbage collected: 25345472 speed: 2.23308e+07 heap limit: 51169217 size before gc: 53529816 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.215427 gc_rate: 0.579936, g_bytes: 2.29205e+07, g_time: 1.06395e+08, s_bytes: 5.37935e+07, s_time: 9.27576e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.064 New_limit: 51.064 L: 28.1843 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 32796424 duration: 1.866 speed: 1.75758e+07 garbage collected: 2706564 speed: 1.45046e+06 heap limit: 31860511 size before gc: 32796424 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0818191 gc_rate: yg_balancer flag disabled
0.633761, g_bytes: 1.05215e+07, g_time: 1.28595e+08, s_bytes: 3.52866e+07, s_time: 5.56781e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 44.0266 New_limit: 44.0266 L: 30.0899 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0816281 gc_rate: 0.633761, g_bytes: 1.0002e+07, g_time: 1.22532e+08, s_bytes: 3.52866e+07, s_time: 5.56781e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 44.0103 New_limit: 44.0103 L: 30.0899 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 73966520 duration: 20.8 speed: 3.55608e+06 garbage collected: 17269588 speed: 830269 heap limit: 74920952 size before gc: 73966520 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0853807 gc_rate: 0.64791, g_bytes: 1.39769e+07, g_time: 1.63701e+08, s_bytes: 7.45103e+07, s_time: 1.15001e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 76.025 New_limit: 76.025 L: 56.6969 Additional Memory: 19

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54228468 duration: 0.948 speed: 5.7203e+07 garbage collected: 25197540 speed: 2.65797e+07 heap limit: 51064001 size before gc: 54228468 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.214661 gc_rate: 0.568047, g_bytes: 2.30767e+07, g_time: 1.07503e+08, s_bytes: 5.38809e+07, s_time: 9.48528e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 52.4516 New_limit: 52.4516 L: 29.0309 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 55271632 duration: 1.517 speed: 3.64348e+07 garbage collected: 27048420 speed: 1.78302e+07 heap limit: 52451624 size before gc: 55271632 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.215516 gc_rate: 0.580421, g_bytes: 2.32349e+07, g_time: 1.07811e+08, s_bytes: 5.43766e+07, s_time: 9.36849e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.1138 New_limit: 51.1138 L: 28.2232 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 45258516 duration: 13.661 speed: 3.31297e+06 garbage collected: 21693548 speed: 1.58799e+06 heap limit: 44010281 size before gc: 45258516 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0827224 gc_rate: 0.716993, g_bytes: 1.02604e+07, g_time: 1.24034e+08, s_bytes: 3.99147e+07, s_time: 5.56696e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 35.2243 New_limit: 35.2243 L: 23.565 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 75899168 duration: 21.196 speed: 3.58083e+06 garbage collected: 16566104 speed: 781567 heap limit: 76024955 size before gc: 75899168 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0864692 gc_rate: 0.598014, g_bytes: 1.42382e+07, g_time: 1.64662e+08, s_bytes: 7.54086e+07, s_time: 1.26099e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 80.0444 New_limit: 80.0444 L: 59.3331 Additional Memory: 20

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53434048 duration: 1.066 speed: 5.01257e+07 garbage collected: 25271304 speed: 2.37067e+07 heap limit: 51113755 size before gc: 53434048 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.215388 gc_rate: 0.578536, g_bytes: 2.33337e+07, g_time: 1.08333e+08, s_bytes: 5.37318e+07, s_time: 9.28755e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.0592 New_limit: 51.0592 L: 28.1627 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.215762 gc_rate: 0.578536, g_bytes: 2.28655e+07, g_time: 1.05975e+08, s_bytes: 5.37318e+07, s_time: 9.28755e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.0791 New_limit: 51.0791 L: 28.1627 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 36377680 duration: 3.69 speed: 9.85845e+06 garbage collected: 23473748 speed: 6.36145e+06 heap limit: 35224267 size before gc: 36377680 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.081106 gc_rate: 1.11884, g_bytes: 1.0388e+07, g_time: 1.28079e+08, s_bytes: 3.76823e+07, s_time: 3.36798e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 19.7429 New_limit: 19.7429 L: 12.9039 Additional Memory: 6

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.0864392 gc_rate: 0.598014, g_bytes: 1.41742e+07, g_time: 1.63979e+08, s_bytes: 7.54086e+07, s_time: 1.26099e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 80.0408 New_limit: 80.0408 L: 59.3331 Additional Memory: 20

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53520684 duration: 1.21 speed: 4.4232e+07 garbage collected: 25244344 speed: 2.08631e+07 heap limit: 51079074 size before gc: 53520684 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216382 gc_rate: 0.577005, g_bytes: 2.29901e+07, g_time: 1.06247e+08, s_bytes: 5.33976e+07, s_time: 9.25427e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.3023 New_limit: 51.3023 L: 28.2763 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 20811268 duration: 29.12 speed: 714673 garbage collected: 332244 speed: 11409.5 heap limit: 19742861 size before gc: 20811268 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0827947 gc_rate: 0.596314, g_bytes: 1.02639e+07, g_time: 1.23969e+08, s_bytes: 2.88615e+07, s_time: 4.83999e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 32.4025 New_limit: 32.4025 L: 20.479 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 79334016 duration: 4.481 speed: 1.77045e+07 garbage collected: 20249984 speed: 4.51908e+06 heap limit: 80040827 size before gc: 79334016 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.086113 gc_rate: 0.644638, g_bytes: 1.44656e+07, g_time: 1.67983e+08, s_bytes: 7.78657e+07, s_time: 1.2079e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 78.9494 New_limit: 78.9494 L: 59.084 Additional Memory: 19

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0833317 gc_rate: 0.596314, g_bytes: 1.00537e+07, g_time: 1.20647e+08, s_bytes: 2.88615e+07, s_time: 4.83999e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 32.4411 New_limit: 32.4411 L: 20.479 Additional Memory: 11

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54419376 duration: 1.194 speed: 4.55774e+07 garbage collected: 26254484 speed: 2.19887e+07 heap limit: 51302306 size before gc: 54419376 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.215889 gc_rate: 0.601287, g_bytes: 2.31477e+07, g_time: 1.0722e+08, s_bytes: 5.3736e+07, s_time: 8.93684e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.651 New_limit: 50.651 L: 28.1649 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 33369148 duration: 1.755 speed: 1.90138e+07 garbage collected: 2932660 speed: 1.67103e+06 heap limit: 32441118 size before gc: 33369148 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0828215 gc_rate: 0.506528, g_bytes: 1.01955e+07, g_time: 1.23102e+08, s_bytes: 3.06841e+07, s_time: 6.05774e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 46.2109 New_limit: 46.2109 L: 30.4365 Additional Memory: 15

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53580244 duration: 2.194 speed: 2.44213e+07 garbage collected: 25202160 speed: 1.14869e+07 heap limit: 50650967 size before gc: 53580244 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216125 gc_rate: 0.572073, g_bytes: 2.32611e+07, g_time: 1.07628e+08, s_bytes: 5.33636e+07, s_time: 9.32812e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.5309 New_limit: 51.5309 L: 28.3781 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 78470736 duration: 34.042 speed: 2.30512e+06 garbage collected: 16673864 speed: 489803 heap limit: 78949392 size before gc: 78470736 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0863112 gc_rate: 0.674602, g_bytes: 1.47116e+07, g_time: 1.70448e+08, s_bytes: 7.85344e+07, s_time: 1.16416e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 81.6797 New_limit: 81.6797 L: 61.7969 Additional Memory: 19

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 47146932 duration: 17.19 speed: 2.7427e+06 garbage collected: 21240640 speed: 1.23564e+06 heap limit: 46210867 size before gc: 47146932 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0850917 gc_rate: 0.759988, g_bytes: 1.05213e+07, g_time: 1.23646e+08, s_bytes: 3.8671e+07, s_time: 5.08837e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 37.9491 New_limit: 37.9491 L: 25.9063 Additional Memory: 12

gc, name: splay.js size: 54891280 duration: 2.023 speed: 2.71336e+07 garbage collected: 26412160 speed: 1.30559e+07 heap limit: 51530878 size before gc: 54891280 guid: 824817_139826284253960
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.214891 gc_rate: 0.574397, g_bytes: 2.34237e+07, g_time: 1.09003e+08, s_bytes: 5.37934e+07, s_time: 9.36521e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.56 New_limit: 51.56 L: 28.4791 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.216214 gc_rate: 0.574397, g_bytes: 2.31139e+07, g_time: 1.06903e+08, s_bytes: 5.37934e+07, s_time: 9.36521e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.6309 New_limit: 51.6309 L: 28.4791 Additional Memory: 23

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54775968 duration: 1.07 speed: 5.11925e+07 garbage collected: 26487164 speed: 2.47544e+07 heap limit: 51630876 size before gc: 54775968 guid: 824817_139826284253960
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.2169 gc_rate: 0.582002, g_bytes: 2.3273e+07, g_time: 1.07299e+08, s_bytes: 5.40453e+07, s_time: 9.2861e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.2481 New_limit: 51.2481 L: 28.2888 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0861447 gc_rate: 0.674602, g_bytes: 1.46003e+07, g_time: 1.69486e+08, s_bytes: 7.85344e+07, s_time: 1.16416e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 81.6605 New_limit: 81.6605 L: 61.7969 Additional Memory: 19

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 38851188 duration: 5.376 speed: 7.22678e+06 garbage collected: 23411628 speed: 4.35484e+06 heap limit: 37949101 size before gc: 38851188 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.083747 gc_rate: 1.1452, g_bytes: 1.06425e+07, g_time: 1.27079e+08, s_bytes: 3.8513e+07, s_time: 3.36299e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 22.9531 New_limit: 22.9531 L: 15.4396 Additional Memory: 7

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 80748240 duration: 1.908 speed: 4.23209e+07 garbage collected: 19575332 speed: 1.02596e+07 heap limit: 81660503 size before gc: 80748240 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0855933 gc_rate: 0.72507, g_bytes: 1.48178e+07, g_time: 1.73119e+08, s_bytes: 8.02377e+07, s_time: 1.10662e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 80.1747 New_limit: 80.1747 L: 61.1729 Additional Memory: 19

yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0841541 gc_rate: 1.1452, g_bytes: 1.03162e+07, g_time: 1.22587e+08, s_bytes: 3.8513e+07, s_time: 3.36299e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 22.9714 New_limit: 22.9714 L: 15.4396 Additional Memory: 7

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54349064 duration: 1.327 speed: 4.09563e+07 garbage collected: 26251204 speed: 1.97824e+07 heap limit: 51248147 size before gc: 54349064 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216819 gc_rate: 0.610351, g_bytes: 2.34124e+07, g_time: 1.07981e+08, s_bytes: 5.40735e+07, s_time: 8.8594e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.4377 New_limit: 50.4377 L: 28.0979 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 24005548 duration: 8.86 speed: 2.70943e+06 garbage collected: 490200 speed: 55327.3 heap limit: 22971366 size before gc: 24005548 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0854127 gc_rate: 0.806635, g_bytes: 1.02287e+07, g_time: 1.19756e+08, s_bytes: 3.08497e+07, s_time: 3.82449e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 34.6733 New_limit: 34.6733 L: 23.5153 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53406396 duration: 2.169 speed: 2.46226e+07 garbage collected: 25197908 speed: 1.16173e+07 heap limit: 50437743 size before gc: 53406396 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216799 gc_rate: 0.58265, g_bytes: 2.35072e+07, g_time: 1.08428e+08, s_bytes: 5.35348e+07, s_time: 9.18815e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.1172 New_limit: 51.1172 L: 28.2085 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 79847296 duration: 19.928 speed: 4.00679e+06 garbage collected: 16633588 speed: 834684 heap limit: 80174694 size before gc: 79847296 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0862744 gc_rate: 0.64151, g_bytes: 1.50107e+07, g_time: 1.73987e+08, s_bytes: 8.0378e+07, s_time: 1.25295e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 83.8309 New_limit: 83.8309 L: 63.2137 Additional Memory: 20

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53795096 duration: 1.599 speed: 3.3643e+07 garbage collected: 25264748 speed: 1.58003e+07 heap limit: 51117154 size before gc: 53795096 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217037 gc_rate: 0.556753, g_bytes: 2.36112e+07, g_time: 1.08788e+08, s_bytes: 5.33036e+07, s_time: 9.57403e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 52.112 New_limit: 52.112 L: 28.5303 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 35983024 duration: 2.634 speed: 1.3661e+07 garbage collected: 23532376 speed: 8.93408e+06 heap limit: 34673272 size before gc: 35983024 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0834446 gc_rate: 1.27706, g_bytes: 1.03406e+07, g_time: 1.23922e+08, s_bytes: 3.31263e+07, s_time: 2.59395e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 18.8285 New_limit: 18.8285 L: 12.4506 Additional Memory: 6

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 19865684 duration: 18.017 speed: 1.10261e+06 garbage collected: 677928 speed: 37627.1 heap limit: 18828493 size before gc: 19865684 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0851539 gc_rate: 1.0682, g_bytes: 1.01944e+07, g_time: 1.19717e+08, s_bytes: 2.61477e+07, s_time: 2.44782e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 27.933 New_limit: 27.933 L: 19.1878 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.217897 gc_rate: 0.556753, g_bytes: 2.35281e+07, g_time: 1.07978e+08, s_bytes: 5.33036e+07, s_time: 9.57403e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 52.1586 New_limit: 52.1586 L: 28.5303 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 55150252 duration: 1.587 speed: 3.47513e+07 garbage collected: 26482492 speed: 1.66871e+07 heap limit: 52158649 size before gc: 55150252 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217794 gc_rate: 0.590116, g_bytes: 2.36827e+07, g_time: 1.08739e+08, s_bytes: 5.37972e+07, s_time: 9.11636e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.6682 New_limit: 51.6682 L: 28.6678 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0861993 gc_rate: 0.64151, g_bytes: 1.50957e+07, g_time: 1.75126e+08, s_bytes: 8.0378e+07, s_time: 1.25295e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 83.8219 New_limit: 83.8219 L: 63.2137 Additional Memory: 20

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 29087840 duration: 1.127 speed: 2.581e+07 garbage collected: 732300 speed: 649778 heap limit: 27933011 size before gc: 29087840 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0863043 gc_rate: 0.673126, g_bytes: 1.01796e+07, g_time: 1.17951e+08, s_bytes: 2.74653e+07, s_time: 4.08026e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.8381 New_limit: 41.8381 L: 28.3555 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 83325452 duration: 1.434 speed: 5.8107e+07 garbage collected: 19628600 speed: 1.3688e+07 heap limit: 83821944 size before gc: 83325452 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0856937 gc_rate: 0.71052, g_bytes: 1.53465e+07, g_time: 1.79086e+08, s_bytes: 8.23241e+07, s_time: 1.15864e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 83.2957 New_limit: 83.2957 L: 63.6969 Additional Memory: 19

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 55294400 duration: 1.607 speed: 3.44085e+07 garbage collected: 26689772 speed: 1.66084e+07 heap limit: 51668200 size before gc: 55294400 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217842 gc_rate: 0.602369, g_bytes: 2.38299e+07, g_time: 1.09391e+08, s_bytes: 5.41441e+07, s_time: 8.98853e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.3473 New_limit: 51.3473 L: 28.6046 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0838042 gc_rate: 0.673126, g_bytes: 9.86596e+06, g_time: 1.17726e+08, s_bytes: 2.74653e+07, s_time: 4.08026e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.6414 New_limit: 41.6414 L: 28.3555 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 42544720 duration: 8.065 speed: 5.27523e+06 garbage collected: 23256708 speed: 2.88366e+06 heap limit: 41641367 size before gc: 42544720 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0828712 gc_rate: 0.924088, g_bytes: 1.00821e+07, g_time: 1.2166e+08, s_bytes: 3.45921e+07, s_time: 3.74338e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 28.5878 New_limit: 28.5878 L: 19.288 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54049652 duration: 1.243 speed: 4.34832e+07 garbage collected: 25699824 speed: 2.06756e+07 heap limit: 51347340 size before gc: 54049652 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.21807 gc_rate: 0.594386, g_bytes: 2.39106e+07, g_time: 1.09646e+08, s_bytes: 5.38301e+07, s_time: 9.05642e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.1545 New_limit: 51.1545 L: 28.3498 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 82817508 duration: 22.143 speed: 3.74012e+06 garbage collected: 17064912 speed: 770668 heap limit: 83295680 size before gc: 82817508 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0863502 gc_rate: 0.635349, g_bytes: 1.55352e+07, g_time: 1.7991e+08, s_bytes: 8.29154e+07, s_time: 1.30504e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 86.8907 New_limit: 86.8907 L: 65.7526 Additional Memory: 21

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 29323316 duration: 1.478 speed: 1.98399e+07 garbage collected: 2145512 speed: 1.45163e+06 heap limit: 28587817 size before gc: 29323316 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0838017 gc_rate: 0.707065, g_bytes: 1.00798e+07, g_time: 1.20281e+08, s_bytes: 3.17868e+07, s_time: 4.49559e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 39.8686 New_limit: 39.8686 L: 27.1778 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53779924 duration: 1.718 speed: 3.13038e+07 garbage collected: 25382440 speed: 1.47744e+07 heap limit: 51154522 size before gc: 53779924 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217706 gc_rate: 0.58066, g_bytes: 2.39866e+07, g_time: 1.10179e+08, s_bytes: 5.35027e+07, s_time: 9.21411e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.4702 New_limit: 51.4702 L: 28.3975 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.218307 gc_rate: 0.58066, g_bytes: 2.40152e+07, g_time: 1.10006e+08, s_bytes: 5.35027e+07, s_time: 9.21411e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.5021 New_limit: 51.5021 L: 28.3975 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54485868 duration: 0.928 speed: 5.87132e+07 garbage collected: 26389396 speed: 2.84368e+07 heap limit: 51502068 size before gc: 54485868 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218974 gc_rate: 0.608384, g_bytes: 2.41188e+07, g_time: 1.10145e+08, s_bytes: 5.3863e+07, s_time: 8.85345e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.5828 New_limit: 50.5828 L: 28.0965 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled***Calling commented Grow()***

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0867493 gc_rate: 0.635349, g_bytes: 1.57955e+07, g_time: 1.82082e+08, s_bytes: 8.29154e+07, s_time: 1.30504e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 86.9395 New_limit: 86.9395 L: 65.7526 Additional Memory: 21

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 40793828 duration: 14.848 speed: 2.74743e+06 garbage collected: 21806440 speed: 1.46864e+06 heap limit: 39868602 size before gc: 40793828 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0831093 gc_rate: 0.935193, g_bytes: 1.02566e+07, g_time: 1.23411e+08, s_bytes: 3.59132e+07, s_time: 3.8402e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 28.1727 New_limit: 28.1727 L: 18.9874 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 86289736 duration: 26.743 speed: 3.22663e+06 garbage collected: 19829212 speed: 741473 heap limit: 86939536 size before gc: 86289736 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0873103 gc_rate: 0.595333, g_bytes: 1.60326e+07, g_time: 1.83628e+08, s_bytes: 8.49083e+07, s_time: 1.42623e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 88.5365 New_limit: 88.5365 L: 66.4605 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53551908 duration: 3.333 speed: 1.60672e+07 garbage collected: 25149340 speed: 7.54556e+06 heap limit: 50582774 size before gc: 53551908 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.21822 gc_rate: 0.584067, g_bytes: 2.41856e+07, g_time: 1.10831e+08, s_bytes: 5.34034e+07, s_time: 9.14338e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.4371 New_limit: 51.4371 L: 28.4026 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 29352888 duration: 1.995 speed: 1.47132e+07 garbage collected: 884800 speed: 443509 heap limit: 28172656 size before gc: 29352888 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0843881 gc_rate: 0.667468, g_bytes: 1.0262e+07, g_time: 1.21605e+08, s_bytes: 3.2171e+07, s_time: 4.81985e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.883 New_limit: 41.883 L: 28.4681 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0841158 gc_rate: 0.667468, g_bytes: 9.82877e+06, g_time: 1.16848e+08, s_bytes: 3.2171e+07, s_time: 4.81985e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.8614 New_limit: 41.8614 L: 28.4681 Additional Memory: 13

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 55004700 duration: 1.589 speed: 3.46159e+07 garbage collected: 26406216 speed: 1.66181e+07 heap limit: 51437141 size before gc: 55004700 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218605 gc_rate: 0.601247, g_bytes: 2.43065e+07, g_time: 1.11189e+08, s_bytes: 5.38185e+07, s_time: 8.95114e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.3998 New_limit: 51.3998 L: 28.5985 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 87874412 duration: 23.843 speed: 3.68554e+06 garbage collected: 19865840 speed: 833194 heap limit: 88536491 size before gc: 87874412 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0875106 gc_rate: 0.574137, g_bytes: 1.63017e+07, g_time: 1.86282e+08, s_bytes: 8.68285e+07, s_time: 1.51233e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 90.7747 New_limit: 90.7747 L: 68.0086 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 42937044 duration: 13.102 speed: 3.27714e+06 garbage collected: 23318200 speed: 1.77974e+06 heap limit: 41861386 size before gc: 42937044 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0834879 gc_rate: 0.881635, g_bytes: 1.00608e+07, g_time: 1.20506e+08, s_bytes: 3.71611e+07, s_time: 4.21502e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 29.2569 New_limit: 29.2569 L: 19.6188 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53907620 duration: 1.185 speed: 4.54917e+07 garbage collected: 25643944 speed: 2.16405e+07 heap limit: 51399802 size before gc: 53907620 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218464 gc_rate: 0.596941, g_bytes: 2.43566e+07, g_time: 1.1149e+08, s_bytes: 5.36341e+07, s_time: 8.98482e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.0054 New_limit: 51.0054 L: 28.2637 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 30527684 duration: 2.428 speed: 1.25732e+07 garbage collected: 2162688 speed: 890728 heap limit: 29256891 size before gc: 30527684 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0834424 gc_rate: 0.659873, g_bytes: 1.01032e+07, g_time: 1.2108e+08, s_bytes: 3.35144e+07, s_time: 5.07891e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.7568 New_limit: 41.7568 L: 28.365 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53948120 duration: 1.594 speed: 3.38445e+07 garbage collected: 25341628 speed: 1.58981e+07 heap limit: 51005424 size before gc: 53948120 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.206178 gc_rate: 0.596941, g_bytes: 2.31559e+07, g_time: 1.1231e+08, s_bytes: 5.36341e+07, s_time: 8.98482e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.3567 New_limit: 50.3567 L: 28.6065 Additional Memory: 22

allocation_rate: 0.206016 gc_rate: 0.585328, g_bytes: 2.32823e+07, g_time: 1.13012e+08, s_bytes: 5.33943e+07, s_time: 9.12211e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.0437 New_limit: 51.0437 L: 28.6065 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.0879343 gc_rate: 0.574137, g_bytes: 1.65425e+07, g_time: 1.88123e+08, s_bytes: 8.68285e+07, s_time: 1.51233e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 90.8298 New_limit: 90.8298 L: 68.0086 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 90275200 duration: 39.704 speed: 2.27371e+06 garbage collected: 20251024 speed: 510050 heap limit: 90829766 size before gc: 90275200 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0882294 gc_rate: 0.564317, g_bytes: 1.68287e+07, g_time: 1.90738e+08, s_bytes: 8.88622e+07, s_time: 1.57469e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 93.4209 New_limit: 93.4209 L: 70.0242 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54062400 duration: 1.107 speed: 4.88369e+07 garbage collected: 25793480 speed: 2.33003e+07 heap limit: 51043682 size before gc: 54062400 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.207051 gc_rate: 0.586736, g_bytes: 2.3391e+07, g_time: 1.12972e+08, s_bytes: 5.34892e+07, s_time: 9.1164e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.6024 New_limit: 50.6024 L: 28.2689 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0824694 gc_rate: 0.659873, g_bytes: 1.02655e+07, g_time: 1.24476e+08, s_bytes: 3.35144e+07, s_time: 5.07891e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.6785 New_limit: 41.6785 L: 28.365 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 42859272 duration: 7.348 speed: 5.83278e+06 garbage collected: 21766816 speed: 2.96228e+06 heap limit: 41678502 size before gc: 42859272 guid: 824817_139826082927368
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0819212 gc_rate: 0.98005, g_bytes: 1.04769e+07, g_time: 1.2789e+08, s_bytes: 3.77991e+07, s_time: 3.85686e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 30.4815 New_limit: 30.4815 L: 21.0925 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53527432 duration: 1.218 speed: 4.3947e+07 garbage collected: 25318456 speed: 2.07869e+07 heap limit: 50602433 size before gc: 53527432 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.207439 gc_rate: 0.581451, g_bytes: 2.34844e+07, g_time: 1.13211e+08, s_bytes: 5.33138e+07, s_time: 9.1691e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.6409 New_limit: 50.6409 L: 28.209 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 31570904 duration: 1.954 speed: 1.61571e+07 garbage collected: 2200828 speed: 1.12632e+06 heap limit: 30481527 size before gc: 31570904 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0827201 gc_rate: 0.709836, g_bytes: 1.0477e+07, g_time: 1.26656e+08, s_bytes: 3.42576e+07, s_time: 4.82613e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 42.4518 New_limit: 42.4518 L: 29.3701 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53477784 duration: 1.48 speed: 3.61336e+07 garbage collected: 25273044 speed: 1.70764e+07 heap limit: 50640914 size before gc: 53477784 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.208279 gc_rate: 0.574484, g_bytes: 2.35736e+07, g_time: 1.13183e+08, s_bytes: 5.31889e+07, s_time: 9.25855e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.8163 New_limit: 50.8163 L: 28.2047 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 92329892 duration: 34.629 speed: 2.66626e+06 garbage collected: 22901308 speed: 661333 heap limit: 93420851 size before gc: 92329892 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0885157 gc_rate: 0.595485, g_bytes: 1.71026e+07, g_time: 1.93215e+08, s_bytes: 9.11383e+07, s_time: 1.53049e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 92.1444 New_limit: 92.1444 L: 69.4286 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 53482024 duration: 1.069 speed: 5.003e+07 garbage collected: 25202188 speed: 2.35755e+07 heap limit: 50816285 size before gc: 53482024 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.20902 gc_rate: 0.575162, g_bytes: 2.36588e+07, g_time: 1.13189e+08, s_bytes: 5.31031e+07, s_time: 9.23273e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.9483 New_limit: 50.9483 L: 28.2798 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 43143960 duration: 10.446 speed: 4.13019e+06 garbage collected: 21710444 speed: 2.07835e+06 heap limit: 42451774 size before gc: 43143960 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0822274 gc_rate: 0.939485, g_bytes: 1.06418e+07, g_time: 1.2942e+08, s_bytes: 3.83814e+07, s_time: 4.08536e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 31.1184 New_limit: 31.1184 L: 21.4335 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.209573 gc_rate: 0.575162, g_bytes: 2.29468e+07, g_time: 1.09493e+08, s_bytes: 5.31031e+07, s_time: 9.23273e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.9783 New_limit: 50.9783 L: 28.2798 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0886177 gc_rate: 0.595485, g_bytes: 1.70114e+07, g_time: 1.91964e+08, s_bytes: 9.11383e+07, s_time: 1.53049e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 92.1575 New_limit: 92.1575 L: 69.4286 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53855400 duration: 1.623 speed: 3.31826e+07 garbage collected: 25384664 speed: 1.56406e+07 heap limit: 50978302 size before gc: 53855400 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.21087 gc_rate: 0.574829, g_bytes: 2.30782e+07, g_time: 1.09443e+08, s_bytes: 5.31574e+07, s_time: 9.24751e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.3226 New_limit: 51.3226 L: 28.4707 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 32386444 duration: yg_balancer flag disabled
1.763 speed: 1.83701e+07 garbage collected: 2480336 speed: 1.40688e+06 heap limit: 31118411 size before gc: 32386444 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0829307 gc_rate: 0.688934, g_bytes: 1.06574e+07, g_time: 1.2851e+08, s_bytes: 3.50036e+07, s_time: 5.08083e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: yg_balancer flag disabled43.3224 New_limit: 
43.3224 L: 29.9061 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 92008444 duration: 1.74 speed: 5.28784e+07 garbage collected: 20267420 speed: 1.16479e+07 heap limit: 92157515 size before gc: 92008444 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0881301 gc_rate: 0.647405, g_bytes: 1.72898e+07, g_time: 1.96185e+08, s_bytes: 9.18631e+07, s_time: 1.41894e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 93.8385 New_limit: 93.8385 L: 71.741 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0808117 gc_rate: 0.688934, g_bytes: 1.01827e+07, g_time: 1.26006e+08, s_bytes: 3.50036e+07, s_time: 5.08083e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 43.1499 New_limit: 43.1499 L: 29.9061 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53811680 duration: 1.9 speed: 2.83219e+07 garbage collected: 25474600 speed: 1.34077e+07 heap limit: 51322625 size before gc: 53811680 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.211042 gc_rate: 0.574214, g_bytes: 2.31914e+07, g_time: 1.0989e+08, s_bytes: 5.32225e+07, s_time: 9.26876e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.1568 New_limit: 51.1568 L: 28.3371 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 44055884 duration: 8.119 speed: 5.42627e+06 garbage collected: 21992332 speed: 2.70875e+06 heap limit: 43149925 size before gc: 44055884 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0812246 gc_rate: 0.880725, g_bytes: 1.03811e+07, g_time: 1.27807e+08, s_bytes: 3.91602e+07, s_time: 4.44637e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 32.1502 New_limit: 32.1502 L: 22.0636 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53507184 duration: 1.1 speed: 4.86429e+07 garbage collected: 25419756 speed: 2.31089e+07 heap limit: 51156757 size before gc: 53507184 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.212048 gc_rate: 0.595407, g_bytes: 2.32903e+07, g_time: 1.09835e+08, s_bytes: 5.32257e+07, s_time: 8.93938e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.4515 New_limit: 50.4515 L: 28.0874 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 33086472 duration: 1.835 speed: 1.80308e+07 garbage collected: 2767336 speed: 1.50809e+06 heap limit: 32150189 size before gc: 33086472 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0811056 gc_rate: 0.624592, g_bytes: 1.04132e+07, g_time: 1.2839e+08, s_bytes: 3.5695e+07, s_time: 5.71493e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 44.3496 New_limit: 44.3496 L: 30.3191 Additional Memory: 14

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 92887024 duration: 34.585 speed: 2.68576e+06 garbage collected: 20607352 speed: 595847 heap limit: 93838517 size before gc: 92887024 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0887723 gc_rate: 0.587013, g_bytes: 1.74826e+07, g_time: 1.96938e+08, s_bytes: 9.28888e+07, s_time: 1.5824e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 95.6577 New_limit: 95.6577 L: 72.2797 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54238196 duration: 1.272 speed: 4.26401e+07 garbage collected: 25088340 speed: 1.97235e+07 heap limit: 50451500 size before gc: 54238196 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.211654 gc_rate: 0.570559, g_bytes: 2.34333e+07, g_time: 1.10715e+08, s_bytes: 5.35372e+07, s_time: 9.38329e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 52.4022 New_limit: 52.4022 L: 29.1499 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.212704 gc_rate: 0.570559, g_bytes: 2.31203e+07, g_time: 1.08697e+08, s_bytes: 5.35372e+07, s_time: 9.38329e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 52.4598 New_limit: 52.4598 L: 29.1499 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0891663 gc_rate: 0.587013, g_bytes: 1.73255e+07, g_time: 1.94305e+08, s_bytes: 9.28888e+07, s_time: 1.5824e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 95.7095 New_limit: 95.7095 L: 72.2797 Additional Memory: 23

gc, name: splay.js size: 55294388 duration: 1.957 speed: 2.82547e+07 garbage collected: 27064684 speed: 1.38297e+07 heap limit: 52459773 size before gc: 55294388 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.213089 gc_rate: 0.57745, g_bytes: 2.32715e+07, g_time: 1.0921e+08, s_bytes: 5.42197e+07, s_time: 9.38949e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.0521 New_limit: 51.0521 L: 28.2297 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 45382080 duration: 12.039 speed: 3.76959e+06 garbage collected: 21942752 speed: 1.82264e+06 heap limit: 44349562 size before gc: 45382080 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0824478 gc_rate: 0.836236, g_bytes: 1.06457e+07, g_time: 1.2912e+08, s_bytes: 4.02181e+07, s_time: 4.80942e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 34.1887 New_limit: 34.1887 L: 23.4393 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 53833696 duration: 1.701 speed: 3.16483e+07 garbage collected: 25246376 speed: 1.48421e+07 heap limit: 51052092 size before gc: 53833696 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.213782 gc_rate: 0.551141, g_bytes: 2.33881e+07, g_time: 1.09402e+08, s_bytes: 5.36249e+07, s_time: 9.7298e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 52.1338 New_limit: 52.1338 L: 28.5873 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.08218 gc_rate: 0.836236, g_bytes: 1.05409e+07, g_time: 1.28265e+08, s_bytes: 4.02181e+07, s_time: 4.80942e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 34.1712 New_limit: 34.1712 L: 23.4393 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 94844704 duration: 41.148 speed: 2.30497e+06 garbage collected: 20002040 speed: 486100 heap limit: 95709527 size before gc: 94844704 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0897359 gc_rate: 0.596203, g_bytes: 1.75875e+07, g_time: 1.95991e+08, s_bytes: 9.43157e+07, s_time: 1.58194e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 98.5753 New_limit: 98.5753 L: 74.8427 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 34936392 duration: 2.61 speed: 1.33856e+07 garbage collected: 23504156 speed: 9.00542e+06 heap limit: 34171217 size before gc: 34936392 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0805578 gc_rate: 1.44132, g_bytes: 1.05887e+07, g_time: 1.31442e+08, s_bytes: 3.72611e+07, s_time: 2.58521e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 17.0845 New_limit: 17.0845 L: 11.4322 Additional Memory: 5

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54922796 duration: 1.319 speed: 4.16397e+07 garbage collected: 26447864 speed: 2.00515e+07 heap limit: 52133815 size before gc: 54922796 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.213712 gc_rate: 0.566037, g_bytes: 2.35355e+07, g_time: 1.10127e+08, s_bytes: 5.39481e+07, s_time: 9.53085e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.66 New_limit: 51.66 L: 28.4749 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 18206880 duration: 8.353 speed: 2.17968e+06 garbage collected: 286412 speed: 34288.5 heap limit: 17084525 size before gc: 18206880 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0818589 gc_rate: 1.1835, g_bytes: 1.0398e+07, g_time: 1.27023e+08, s_bytes: 2.73418e+07, s_time: 2.31025e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 25.7929 New_limit: 25.7929 L: 17.9205 Additional Memory: 7

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 27548876 duration: 2.179 speed: 1.26429e+07 garbage collected: 408352 speed: 187403 heap limit: 25792904 size before gc: 27548876 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0832615 gc_rate: 0.726989, g_bytes: 1.03595e+07, g_time: 1.24421e+08, s_bytes: 2.70009e+07, s_time: 3.71408e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 39.6072 New_limit: 39.6072 L: 27.1405 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54649788 duration: 1.635 speed: 3.34249e+07 garbage collected: 26425484 speed: 1.61624e+07 heap limit: 51660031 size before gc: 54649788 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.214278 gc_rate: 0.604687, g_bytes: 2.36675e+07, g_time: 1.10452e+08, s_bytes: 5.41024e+07, s_time: 8.94717e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.5868 New_limit: 50.5868 L: 28.2243 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 97401304 duration: 40.001 speed: 2.43497e+06 garbage collected: 22648192 speed: 566191 heap limit: 98575277 size before gc: 97401304 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0899345 gc_rate: 0.59662, g_bytes: 1.7836e+07, g_time: 1.98322e+08, s_bytes: 9.64123e+07, s_time: 1.61597e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 98.4895 New_limit: 98.4895 L: 74.7531 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.215365 gc_rate: 0.604687, g_bytes: 2.35803e+07, g_time: 1.0949e+08, s_bytes: 5.41024e+07, s_time: 8.94717e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.6434 New_limit: 50.6434 L: 28.2243 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53448440 duration: 1.283 speed: 4.1659e+07 garbage collected: 25217452 speed: 1.96551e+07 heap limit: 50643424 size before gc: 53448440 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.215108 gc_rate: 0.589432, g_bytes: 2.36625e+07, g_time: 1.10003e+08, s_bytes: 5.35661e+07, s_time: 9.08774e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.9275 New_limit: 50.9275 L: 28.231 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0899759 gc_rate: 0.59662, g_bytes: 1.73686e+07, g_time: 1.93036e+08, s_bytes: 9.64123e+07, s_time: 1.61597e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 98.4949 New_limit: 98.4949 L: 74.7531 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 40495412 duration: 5.702 speed: 7.10197e+06 garbage collected: 23581316 speed: 4.13562e+06 heap limit: 39607249 size before gc: 40495412 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0823398 gc_rate: 1.17196, g_bytes: 1.05093e+07, g_time: 1.27633e+08, s_bytes: 3.33086e+07, s_time: 2.84214e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 24.6224 New_limit: 24.6224 L: 16.9141 Additional Memory: 7

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 25453208 duration: 19.848 speed: 1.28241e+06 garbage collected: 507092 speed: 25548.8 heap limit: 24622397 size before gc: 25453208 guid: 824817_139826082927368
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0842848 gc_rate: 0.813952, g_bytes: 1.04107e+07, g_time: 1.23519e+08, s_bytes: 2.90049e+07, s_time: 3.56347e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 36.3109 New_limit: 36.3109 L: 24.9461 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53783828 duration: 2.147 speed: 2.50507e+07 garbage collected: 25194364 speed: 1.17347e+07 heap limit: 50927508 size before gc: 53783828 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.215658 gc_rate: 0.595147, g_bytes: 2.3757e+07, g_time: 1.10161e+08, s_bytes: 5.32729e+07, s_time: 8.95122e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.3487 New_limit: 51.3487 L: 28.5895 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0839963 gc_rate: 0.813952, g_bytes: 9.98056e+06, g_time: 1.18821e+08, s_bytes: 2.90049e+07, s_time: 3.56347e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 36.2914 New_limit: 36.2914 L: 24.9461 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 97770696 duration: 41.243 speed: 2.3706e+06 garbage collected: 20439348 speed: 495583 heap limit: 98494920 size before gc: 97770696 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0903986 gc_rate: 0.564442, g_bytes: 1.76511e+07, g_time: 1.95258e+08, s_bytes: 9.76034e+07, s_time: 1.7292e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 102.216 New_limit: 102.216 L: 77.3313 Additional Memory: 24

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53895276 duration: 1.272 speed: 4.23705e+07 garbage collected: 25565144 speed: 2.00984e+07 heap limit: 51348731 size before gc: 53895276 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.215824 gc_rate: 0.580253, g_bytes: 2.38345e+07, g_time: 1.10435e+08, s_bytes: 5.33206e+07, s_time: 9.18921e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.2837 New_limit: 51.2837 L: 28.3301 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***yg_balancer flag disabled

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 37370552 duration: 3.207 speed: 1.16528e+07 garbage collected: 23571648 speed: 7.35006e+06 heap limit: 36291449 size before gc: 37370552 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0818722 gc_rate: 1.53109, g_bytes: 1.01028e+07, g_time: 1.23397e+08, s_bytes: 3.27973e+07, s_time: 2.14208e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 19.8729 New_limit: 19.8729 L: 13.7989 Additional Memory: 6

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54929416 duration: 2.177 speed: 2.52317e+07 garbage collected: 26280128 speed: 1.20717e+07 heap limit: 51283746 size before gc: 54929416 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216447 gc_rate: 0.580285, g_bytes: 2.39727e+07, g_time: 1.10755e+08, s_bytes: 5.36964e+07, s_time: 9.25345e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.7645 New_limit: 51.7645 L: 28.6493 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 20673872 duration: 8.367 speed: 2.47088e+06 garbage collected: 486388 speed: 58131.7 heap limit: 19872900 size before gc: 20673872 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0832846 gc_rate: 0.962628, g_bytes: 9.94136e+06, g_time: 1.19366e+08, s_bytes: 2.63702e+07, s_time: 2.73939e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 29.5325 New_limit: 29.5325 L: 20.1875 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.204864 gc_rate: 0.580285, g_bytes: 2.27741e+07, g_time: 1.11167e+08, s_bytes: 5.36964e+07, s_time: 9.25345e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.1374 New_limit: 51.1374 L: 28.6493 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 55277540 duration: 1.96 speed: 2.82028e+07 garbage collected: 26569732 speed: 1.3556e+07 heap limit: 51137438 size before gc: 55277540 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.205942 gc_rate: 0.579305, g_bytes: 2.29668e+07, g_time: 1.11521e+08, s_bytes: 5.40186e+07, s_time: 9.32473e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.2972 New_limit: 51.2972 L: 28.7078 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 30695076 duration: 4.622 speed: 6.64108e+06 garbage collected: 2220992 speed: 480526 heap limit: 29532483 size before gc: 30695076 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0842129 gc_rate: 0.612613, g_bytes: 9.96967e+06, g_time: 1.18387e+08, s_bytes: 2.81851e+07, s_time: 4.6008e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 42.4637 New_limit: 42.4637 L: 28.4741 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0896571 gc_rate: 0.564442, g_bytes: 1.80385e+07, g_time: 2.01194e+08, s_bytes: 9.76034e+07, s_time: 1.7292e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 102.114 New_limit: 102.114 L: 77.3313 Additional Memory: 24

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 102346296 duration: 12.936 speed: 7.91174e+06 garbage collected: 23524704 speed: 1.81855e+06 heap limit: 102113874 size before gc: 102346296 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0891223 gc_rate: 0.619516, g_bytes: 1.83873e+07, g_time: 2.06315e+08, s_bytes: 1.00317e+08, s_time: 1.61928e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 102.632 New_limit: 102.632 L: 78.8216 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54209408 duration: 1.79 speed: 3.02846e+07 garbage collected: 25744184 speed: 1.43822e+07 heap limit: 51297169 size before gc: 54209408 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: yg_balancer flag disabled
0.206439 gc_rate: 0.578162, g_bytes: 2.30935e+07, g_time: 1.11866e+08, s_bytes: 5.37799e+07, s_time: 9.30186e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.0083 New_limit: 51.0083 L: 28.4652 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.0825882 gc_rate: 0.612613, g_bytes: 9.95155e+06, g_time: 1.20496e+08, s_bytes: 2.81851e+07, s_time: 4.6008e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 42.3281 New_limit: 42.3281 L: 28.4741 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 43366904 duration: 7.904 speed: 5.4867e+06 garbage collected: 21702320 speed: 2.74574e+06 heap limit: 42328096 size before gc: 43366904 guid: 824817_139826082927368
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.0823846 gc_rate: 0.85413, g_bytes: 1.01986e+07, g_time: 1.23793e+08, s_bytes: 3.54088e+07, s_time: 4.1456e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 31.8862 New_limit: 31.8862 L: 21.6646 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 53809640 duration: 1.232 speed: 4.36767e+07 garbage collected: 25465944 speed: 2.06704e+07 heap limit: 51008299 size before gc: 53809640 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.207649 gc_rate: 0.577817, g_bytes: 2.32061e+07, g_time: 1.11756e+08, s_bytes: 5.35205e+07, s_time: 9.26253e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.9112 New_limit: 50.9112 L: 28.3437 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 101556732 duration: 44.545 speed: 2.27987e+06 garbage collected: 22415620 speed: 503213 heap limit: 102632415 size before gc: 101556732 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0896028 gc_rate: 0.57256, g_bytes: 1.86047e+07, g_time: 2.07635e+08, s_bytes: 1.01479e+08, s_time: 1.77237e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 104.026 New_limit: 104.026 L: 79.1411 Additional Memory: 24

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 32692300 duration: 1.904 speed: 1.71703e+07 garbage collected: 2606100 speed: 1.36875e+06 heap limit: 31886237 size before gc: 32692300 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0825458 gc_rate: 0.633504, g_bytes: 1.02401e+07, g_time: 1.24053e+08, s_bytes: 3.36897e+07, s_time: 5.318e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 44.0866 New_limit: 44.0866 L: 30.0862 Additional Memory: 14

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54190716 duration: 1.448 speed: 3.74245e+07 garbage collected: 25310968 speed: 1.748e+07 heap limit: 50911175 size before gc: 54190716 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.207384 gc_rate: 0.566071, g_bytes: 2.33381e+07, g_time: 1.12536e+08, s_bytes: 5.37975e+07, s_time: 9.50367e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.8801 New_limit: 51.8801 L: 28.8797 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 55332044 duration: 1.595 speed: 3.46909e+07 garbage collected: 26858896 speed: 1.68394e+07 heap limit: 51880060 size before gc: 55332044 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.208564 gc_rate: 0.600545, g_bytes: 2.34938e+07, g_time: 1.12646e+08, s_bytes: 5.42387e+07, s_time: 9.03158e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.7088 New_limit: 50.7088 L: 28.4731 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.20738 gc_rate: 0.600545, g_bytes: 2.24271e+07, g_time: 1.08145e+08, s_bytes: 5.42387e+07, s_time: 9.03158e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.6456 New_limit: 50.6456 L: 28.4731 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 44833612 duration: 10.074 speed: 4.45043e+06 garbage collected: 21819208 speed: 2.16589e+06 heap limit: 44086632 size before gc: 44833612 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0830548 gc_rate: 0.809343, g_bytes: 1.04654e+07, g_time: 1.26006e+08, s_bytes: 3.89513e+07, s_time: 4.8127e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 33.8812 New_limit: 33.8812 L: 23.0144 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.0895941 gc_rate: 0.57256, g_bytes: 1.86593e+07, g_time: 2.08265e+08, s_bytes: 1.01479e+08, s_time: 1.77237e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 104.025 New_limit: 104.025 L: 79.1411 Additional Memory: 24

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53639872 duration: 1.833 speed: 2.92634e+07 garbage collected: 25496680 speed: 1.39098e+07 heap limit: 50645561 size before gc: 53639872 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.207984 gc_rate: 0.607079, g_bytes: 2.25641e+07, g_time: 1.08489e+08, s_bytes: 5.37717e+07, s_time: 8.85744e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.0998 New_limit: 50.0998 L: 28.1432 Additional Memory: 21

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 103247604 duration: 34.095 speed: 3.02823e+06 garbage collected: 22902460 speed: 671725 heap limit: 104024827 size before gc: 103247604 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.08973 gc_rate: 0.574612, g_bytes: 1.89316e+07, g_time: 2.10984e+08, s_bytes: 1.02951e+08, s_time: 1.79166e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 105.392 New_limit: 105.392 L: 80.3451 Additional Memory: 25

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.0815696 gc_rate: 0.809343, g_bytes: 1.0426e+07, g_time: 1.27818e+08, s_bytes: 3.89513e+07, s_time: 4.8127e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 33.7836 New_limit: 33.7836 L: 23.0144 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 35156956 duration: 2.229 speed: 1.57725e+07 garbage collected: 23480860 speed: 1.05343e+07 heap limit: 33783584 size before gc: 35156956 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0803039 gc_rate: 1.39844, g_bytes: 1.05119e+07, g_time: 1.30901e+08, s_bytes: 3.66083e+07, s_time: 2.6178e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 17.4661 New_limit: 17.4661 L: 11.6761 Additional Memory: 5

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53403576 duration: 1.627 speed: 3.28233e+07 garbage collected: 25117000 speed: 1.54376e+07 heap limit: 50099762 size before gc: 53403576 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.208217 gc_rate: 0.585813, g_bytes: 2.26989e+07, g_time: 1.09016e+08, s_bytes: 5.3368e+07, s_time: 9.11007e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.7075 New_limit: 50.7075 L: 28.2866 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 18357224 duration: 6.655 speed: 2.75841e+06 garbage collected: 306420 speed: 46043.6 heap limit: 17466123 size before gc: 18357224 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0812689 gc_rate: 1.08838, g_bytes: 1.03203e+07, g_time: 1.2699e+08, s_bytes: 2.71186e+07, s_time: 2.49165e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 26.2601 New_limit: 26.2601 L: 18.0508 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 53795852 duration: 1.557 speed: 3.4551e+07 garbage collected: 25322560 speed: 1.62637e+07 heap limit: 50707505 size before gc: 53795852 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.208911 gc_rate: 0.570526, g_bytes: 2.28394e+07, g_time: 1.09326e+08, s_bytes: 5.32466e+07, s_time: 9.33289e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.3055 New_limit: 51.3055 L: 28.4733 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 27560420 duration: 1.877 speed: 1.46832e+07 garbage collected: 507332 speed: 270289 heap limit: 26260089 size before gc: 27560420 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0825451 gc_rate: 0.660383, g_bytes: 1.02798e+07, g_time: 1.24536e+08, s_bytes: 2.70075e+07, s_time: 4.08967e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 40.056 New_limit: 40.056 L: 27.0531 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 104577776 duration: 44.06 speed: 2.37353e+06 garbage collected: 20699588 speed: 469805 heap limit: 105391594 size before gc: 104577776 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0896424 gc_rate: 0.609721, g_bytes: 1.91967e+07, g_time: 2.14147e+08, s_bytes: 1.04331e+08, s_time: 1.71113e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 108.71 New_limit: 108.71 L: 83.8782 Additional Memory: 24

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53950548 duration: 1.872 speed: 2.88197e+07 garbage collected: 25429020 speed: 1.35839e+07 heap limit: 51305455 size before gc: 53950548 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.209254 gc_rate: 0.553831, g_bytes: 2.29713e+07, g_time: 1.09777e+08, s_bytes: 5.32234e+07, s_time: 9.61004e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.7339 New_limit: 51.7339 L: 28.5215 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.209803 gc_rate: 0.553831, g_bytes: 2.23859e+07, g_time: 1.067e+08, s_bytes: 5.32234e+07, s_time: 9.61004e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.7643 New_limit: 51.7643 L: 28.5215 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 41057244 duration: 7.933 speed: 5.1755e+06 garbage collected: 23559584 speed: 2.96982e+06 heap limit: 40056014 size before gc: 41057244 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0819511 gc_rate: 1.14433, g_bytes: 1.0466e+07, g_time: 1.2771e+08, s_bytes: 3.36604e+07, s_time: 2.94149e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 25.4131 New_limit: 25.4131 L: 17.4977 Additional Memory: 7

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.08948 gc_rate: 0.609721, g_bytes: 1.86745e+07, g_time: 2.08701e+08, s_bytes: 1.04331e+08, s_time: 1.71113e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 108.687 New_limit: 108.687 L: 83.8782 Additional Memory: 24

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54870624 duration: 1.429 speed: 3.83979e+07 garbage collected: 26466684 speed: 1.85211e+07 heap limit: 51764349 size before gc: 54870624 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.210495 gc_rate: 0.570164, g_bytes: 2.25841e+07, g_time: 1.0729e+08, s_bytes: 5.37464e+07, s_time: 9.42647e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.3018 New_limit: 51.3018 L: 28.4039 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 26649176 duration: 9.608 speed: 2.77364e+06 garbage collected: 376212 speed: 39156.1 heap limit: 25413118 size before gc: 26649176 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0836309 gc_rate: 0.723436, g_bytes: 1.04003e+07, g_time: 1.2436e+08, s_bytes: 2.96692e+07, s_time: 4.10114e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 38.5961 New_limit: 38.5961 L: 26.273 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0834505 gc_rate: 0.723436, g_bytes: 1.01311e+07, g_time: 1.21402e+08, s_bytes: 2.96692e+07, s_time: 4.10114e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 38.5828 New_limit: 38.5828 L: 26.273 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54776112 duration: 1.526 speed: 3.58952e+07 garbage collected: 26301360 speed: 1.72355e+07 heap limit: 51301835 size before gc: 54776112 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.211394 gc_rate: 0.596744, g_bytes: 2.27735e+07, g_time: 1.0773e+08, s_bytes: 5.39429e+07, s_time: 9.03954e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.9326 New_limit: 50.9326 L: 28.4748 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 107756300 duration: 39.084 speed: 2.75704e+06 garbage collected: 23340056 speed: 597177 heap limit: 108687052 size before gc: 107756300 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0895106 gc_rate: 0.674115, g_bytes: 1.89347e+07, g_time: 2.11536e+08, s_bytes: 1.06577e+08, s_time: 1.58098e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 108.09 New_limit: 108.09 L: 84.4162 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 39648776 duration: 4.901 speed: 8.08994e+06 garbage collected: 23889532 speed: 4.87442e+06 heap limit: 38582849 size before gc: 39648776 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0823901 gc_rate: 1.16034, g_bytes: 1.02933e+07, g_time: 1.24934e+08, s_bytes: 3.41791e+07, s_time: 2.94562e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 23.2392 New_limit: 23.2392 L: 15.7592 Additional Memory: 7

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53809140 duration: 1.454 speed: 3.70077e+07 garbage collected: 25455328 speed: 1.75071e+07 heap limit: 50932580 size before gc: 53809140 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.21103 gc_rate: 0.570668, g_bytes: 2.29015e+07, g_time: 1.08523e+08, s_bytes: 5.35998e+07, s_time: 9.39247e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.2504 New_limit: 51.2504 L: 28.3538 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 24348396 duration: 10.569 speed: 2.30376e+06 garbage collected: 482000 speed: 45605.1 heap limit: 23239187 size before gc: 24348396 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0841209 gc_rate: 0.811501, g_bytes: 1.02081e+07, g_time: 1.2135e+08, s_bytes: 2.88185e+07, s_time: 3.55126e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 34.9885 New_limit: 34.9885 L: 23.8664 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53906724 duration: 1.839 speed: 2.93131e+07 garbage collected: 25401828 speed: 1.38128e+07 heap limit: 51250415 size before gc: 53906724 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.211766 gc_rate: 0.569055, g_bytes: 2.30341e+07, g_time: 1.08771e+08, s_bytes: 5.3424e+07, s_time: 9.38818e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.535 New_limit: 51.535 L: 28.5049 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.213277 gc_rate: 0.569055, g_bytes: 2.27891e+07, g_time: 1.06852e+08, s_bytes: 5.3424e+07, s_time: 9.38818e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.617 New_limit: 51.617 L: 28.5049 Additional Memory: 23

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 107570668 duration: 1.977 speed: 5.44111e+07 garbage collected: 22682372 speed: 1.14731e+07 heap limit: 108090046 size before gc: 107570668 guid: 824817_139826150036232
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
allocation_rate: 0.0892146 gc_rate: 0.662061, g_bytes: 1.91457e+07, g_time: 2.14603e+08, s_bytes: 1.0761e+08, s_time: 1.62538e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 108.804 New_limit: 108.804 L: 84.8883 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0888614 gc_rate: 0.662061, g_bytes: 1.82318e+07, g_time: 2.05172e+08, s_bytes: 1.0761e+08, s_time: 1.62538e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 108.756 New_limit: 108.756 L: 84.8883 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54675280 duration: 1.896 speed: 2.88372e+07 garbage collected: 26427284 speed: 1.39384e+07 heap limit: 51616995 size before gc: 54675280 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.213594 gc_rate: 0.582861, g_bytes: 2.29582e+07, g_time: 1.07485e+08, s_bytes: 5.38499e+07, s_time: 9.23889e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.9985 New_limit: 50.9985 L: 28.248 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 36000648 duration: 2.087 speed: 1.725e+07 garbage collected: 23646660 speed: 1.13305e+07 heap limit: 34988466 size before gc: 36000648 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0822953 gc_rate: 1.46801, g_bytes: 1.03044e+07, g_time: 1.25212e+08, s_bytes: 3.20024e+07, s_time: 2.17998e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 18.2385 New_limit: 18.2385 L: 12.354 Additional Memory: 5

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 19357080 duration: 12.742 speed: 1.51916e+06 garbage collected: 564268 speed: 44284.1 heap limit: 18238510 size before gc: 19357080 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0838504 gc_rate: 0.82111, g_bytes: 1.01393e+07, g_time: 1.20922e+08, s_bytes: 2.52663e+07, s_time: 3.07709e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 28.5885 New_limit: 28.5885 L: 18.7928 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53579744 duration: 1.51 speed: 3.54833e+07 garbage collected: 25213688 speed: 1.66978e+07 heap limit: 50998496 size before gc: 53579744 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.213925 gc_rate: 0.578204, g_bytes: 2.30768e+07, g_time: 1.07874e+08, s_bytes: 5.34547e+07, s_time: 9.24495e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.2734 New_limit: 51.2734 L: 28.3661 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0851045 gc_rate: 0.82111, g_bytes: 9.99629e+06, g_time: 1.17459e+08, s_bytes: 2.52663e+07, s_time: 3.07709e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 28.6614 New_limit: 28.6614 L: 18.7928 Additional Memory: 9

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 29695996 duration: 1.668 speed: 1.78034e+07 garbage collected: 2670568 speed: 1.60106e+06 heap limit: 28661436 size before gc: 29695996 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0863612 gc_rate: 0.631853, g_bytes: 1.00416e+07, g_time: 1.16275e+08, s_bytes: 2.69924e+07, s_time: 4.27195e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 40.6155 New_limit: 40.6155 L: 27.0254 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54869132 duration: 2.015 speed: 2.72303e+07 garbage collected: 26256024 speed: 1.30303e+07 heap limit: 51273373 size before gc: 54869132 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.214059 gc_rate: 0.558916, g_bytes: 2.32481e+07, g_time: 1.08606e+08, s_bytes: 5.37857e+07, s_time: 9.62322e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 52.0209 New_limit: 52.0209 L: 28.6131 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 107862628 duration: 38.893 speed: 2.77332e+06 garbage collected: 20436248 speed: 525448 heap limit: 108756315 size before gc: 107862628 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0891741 gc_rate: 0.621447, g_bytes: 1.8469e+07, g_time: 2.07111e+08, s_bytes: 1.08266e+08, s_time: 1.74215e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 112.472 New_limit: 112.472 L: 87.4264 Additional Memory: 25

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 55189332 duration: 1.657 speed: 3.33068e+07 garbage collected: 26498140 speed: 1.59916e+07 heap limit: 52020936 size before gc: 55189332 guid: 824817_139826284253960
gc, name: typescript.js size: 41583664 duration: 7.545 speed: 5.51142e+06 garbage collected: 21794584 speed: 2.88861e+06 heap limit: 40615525 size before gc: 41583664 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.214114 gc_rate: 0.572382, g_bytes: 2.34145e+07, g_time: 1.09356e+08, s_bytes: 5.40584e+07, s_time: 9.44446e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.8565 New_limit: 51.8565 L: 28.6912 Additional Memory: 23

allocation_rate: 0.0852914 gc_rate: 0.902015, g_bytes: 1.02675e+07, g_time: 1.20381e+08, s_bytes: 3.39448e+07, s_time: 3.76322e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 29.4617 New_limit: 29.4617 L: 19.7891 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabledyg_balancer flag disabled

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.21535 gc_rate: 0.572382, g_bytes: 2.32603e+07, g_time: 1.08011e+08, s_bytes: 5.40584e+07, s_time: 9.44446e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.9233 New_limit: 51.9233 L: 28.6912 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 31189892 duration: 1.648 speed: 1.89259e+07 garbage collected: 2218324 speed: 1.34607e+06 heap limit: 29461685 size before gc: 31189892 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0865227 gc_rate: 0.689715, g_bytes: 1.03241e+07, g_time: 1.19323e+08, s_bytes: 3.21684e+07, s_time: 4.66401e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 42.4519 New_limit: 42.4519 L: 28.9716 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 55422200 duration: 1.826 speed: 3.03517e+07 garbage collected: 26628152 speed: 1.45828e+07 heap limit: 51923293 size before gc: 55422200 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.215859 gc_rate: 0.54998, g_bytes: 2.34338e+07, g_time: 1.08561e+08, s_bytes: 5.42475e+07, s_time: 9.86353e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 52.5651 New_limit: 52.5651 L: 28.794 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0891677 gc_rate: 0.621447, g_bytes: 1.86284e+07, g_time: 2.08915e+08, s_bytes: 1.08266e+08, s_time: 1.74215e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 112.471 New_limit: 112.471 L: 87.4264 Additional Memory: 25

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 111671252 duration: 37.791 speed: 2.95497e+06 garbage collected: 23029284 speed: 609385 heap limit: 112470611 size before gc: 111671252 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0891474 gc_rate: 0.703844, g_bytes: 1.89093e+07, g_time: 2.12112e+08, s_bytes: 1.10506e+08, s_time: 1.57003e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 112.335 New_limit: 112.335 L: 88.642 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 55109892 duration: 1.525 speed: 3.61376e+07 garbage collected: 26699216 speed: 1.75077e+07 heap limit: 52565071 size before gc: 55109892 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216647 gc_rate: 0.571896, g_bytes: 2.35779e+07, g_time: 1.08831e+08, s_bytes: 5.43759e+07, s_time: 9.50802e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.6083 New_limit: 51.6083 L: 28.4107 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0847372 gc_rate: 0.689715, g_bytes: 1.02389e+07, g_time: 1.20831e+08, s_bytes: 3.21684e+07, s_time: 4.66401e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 42.3121 New_limit: 42.3121 L: 28.9716 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 43202684 duration: 10.814 speed: 3.99507e+06 garbage collected: 21700856 speed: 2.00674e+06 heap limit: 42312107 size before gc: 43202684 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0841002 gc_rate: 0.99074, g_bytes: 1.04385e+07, g_time: 1.2412e+08, s_bytes: 3.73777e+07, s_time: 3.77271e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 31.0549 New_limit: 31.0549 L: 21.5018 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54633100 duration: 1.074 speed: 5.08688e+07 garbage collected: 26337188 speed: 2.45225e+07 heap limit: 51608327 size before gc: 54633100 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217341 gc_rate: 0.579845, g_bytes: 2.37101e+07, g_time: 1.09092e+08, s_bytes: 5.42602e+07, s_time: 9.35771e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.3242 New_limit: 51.3242 L: 28.2959 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 32433328 duration: 1.626 speed: 1.99467e+07 garbage collected: 2456500 speed: 1.51076e+06 heap limit: 31054862 size before gc: 32433328 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.084694 gc_rate: 0.669187, g_bytes: 1.04632e+07, g_time: 1.23541e+08, s_bytes: 3.45813e+07, s_time: 5.16765e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 43.7499 New_limit: 43.7499 L: 29.9768 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 55189424 duration: 1.567 speed: 3.52198e+07 garbage collected: 26140772 speed: 1.6682e+07 heap limit: 51324202 size before gc: 55189424 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216871 gc_rate: 0.577293, g_bytes: 2.38693e+07, g_time: 1.10062e+08, s_bytes: 5.45958e+07, s_time: 9.4572e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 52.4075 New_limit: 52.4075 L: 29.0487 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 111425832 duration: 41.36 speed: 2.69405e+06 garbage collected: 22717132 speed: 549254 heap limit: 112335018 size before gc: 111425832 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0893118 gc_rate: 0.617051, g_bytes: 1.9103e+07, g_time: 2.13891e+08, s_bytes: 1.1149e+08, s_time: 1.80682e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 114.046 New_limit: 114.046 L: 88.7087 Additional Memory: 25

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.217684 gc_rate: 0.577293, g_bytes: 2.38605e+07, g_time: 1.09611e+08, s_bytes: 5.45958e+07, s_time: 9.4572e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 52.4512 New_limit: 52.4512 L: 29.0487 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabledgc, name: 
typescript.js size: 44908924 duration: 7.995 speed: 5.61713e+06 garbage collected: 21939148 speed: 2.74411e+06 heap limit: 43749883 size before gc: 44908924 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.084934 gc_rate: 0.858813, g_bytes: 1.06866e+07, g_time: 1.25822e+08, s_bytes: 3.93644e+07, s_time: 4.58358e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 33.6273 New_limit: 33.6273 L: 22.9698 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 55564084 duration: 1.167 speed: 4.76128e+07 garbage collected: 27011484 speed: 2.31461e+07 heap limit: 52451195 size before gc: 55564084 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217734 gc_rate: 0.589074, g_bytes: 2.39933e+07, g_time: 1.10195e+08, s_bytes: 5.4707e+07, s_time: 9.28695e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.5239 New_limit: 51.5239 L: 28.5526 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0889364 gc_rate: 0.617051, g_bytes: 1.87099e+07, g_time: 2.10374e+08, s_bytes: 1.1149e+08, s_time: 1.80682e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 113.993 New_limit: 113.993 L: 88.7087 Additional Memory: 25

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54496768 duration: 0.929 speed: 5.86618e+07 garbage collected: 26391852 speed: 2.84089e+07 heap limit: 51523933 size before gc: 54496768 guid: yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218286 gc_rate: 0.612668, g_bytes: 2.40908e+07, g_time: 1.10364e+08, s_bytes: 5.44657e+07, s_time: 8.88993e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.4806 New_limit: 50.4806 L: 28.1049 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0833991 gc_rate: 0.858813, g_bytes: 1.06393e+07, g_time: 1.27571e+08, s_bytes: 3.93644e+07, s_time: 4.58358e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 33.5305 New_limit: 33.5305 L: 22.9698 Additional Memory: 10

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 34590468 duration: 1.826 speed: 1.89433e+07 garbage collected: 23580364 speed: 1.29137e+07 heap limit: 33530523 size before gc: 34590468 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0817645 gc_rate: 1.41491, g_bytes: 1.06884e+07, g_time: 1.30722e+08, s_bytes: 3.65484e+07, s_time: 2.58309e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 16.6504 New_limit: 16.6504 L: 11.0101 Additional Memory: 5

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 113469316 duration: 40.693 speed: 2.78842e+06 garbage collected: 23281272 speed: 572120 heap limit: 113992785 size before gc: 113469316 guid: 824817_139826150036232
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0890157 gc_rate: 0.604232, g_bytes: 1.90125e+07, g_time: 2.13586e+08, s_bytes: 1.13105e+08, s_time: 1.87187e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 115.963 New_limit: 115.963 L: 90.188 Additional Memory: 25

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 17806244 duration: 11.728 speed: 1.51827e+06 garbage collected: 323108 speed: 27550.1 heap limit: 16650356 size before gc: 17806244 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0830023 gc_rate: 0.947236, g_bytes: 1.04938e+07, g_time: 1.26428e+08, s_bytes: 2.67873e+07, s_time: 2.82794e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 26.2352 New_limit: 26.2352 L: 17.4831 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53491408 duration: 1.953 speed: 2.73894e+07 garbage collected: 25005764 speed: 1.28038e+07 heap limit: 50480608 size before gc: 53491408 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217573 gc_rate: 0.577431, g_bytes: 2.41556e+07, g_time: 1.11023e+08, s_bytes: 5.36584e+07, s_time: 9.29261e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.6516 New_limit: 51.6516 L: 28.4856 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 27400648 duration: 1.948 speed: 1.4066e+07 garbage collected: 499708 speed: 256524 heap limit: 26235199 size before gc: 27400648 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0848336 gc_rate: 0.675425, g_bytes: 1.0465e+07, g_time: 1.23359e+08, s_bytes: 2.67561e+07, s_time: 3.96137e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 39.8986 New_limit: 39.8986 L: 26.9009 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54958396 duration: 1.489 speed: 3.69096e+07 garbage collected: 26407760 speed: 1.77352e+07 heap limit: 51651596 size before gc: 54958396 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218235 gc_rate: 0.578733, g_bytes: 2.42714e+07, g_time: 1.11217e+08, s_bytes: 5.39423e+07, s_time: 9.32076e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.7522 New_limit: 51.7522 L: 28.5506 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54635296 duration: 1.91 speed: 2.86049e+07 garbage collected: 26395968 speed: 1.38199e+07 heap limit: 51752152 size before gc: 54635296 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218963 gc_rate: 0.600588, g_bytes: 2.43621e+07, g_time: 1.11261e+08, s_bytes: 5.40882e+07, s_time: 9.00588e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.928 New_limit: 50.928 L: 28.2393 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.219013 gc_rate: 0.600588, g_bytes: 2.32393e+07, g_time: 1.0611e+08, s_bytes: 5.40882e+07, s_time: 9.00588e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.9306 New_limit: 50.9306 L: 28.2393 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 40937740 duration: 5.113 speed: 8.0066e+06 garbage collected: 23765324 speed: 4.64802e+06 heap limit: 39898562 size before gc: 40937740 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0832002 gc_rate: 1.14305, g_bytes: 1.06436e+07, g_time: 1.27927e+08, s_bytes: 3.35637e+07, s_time: 2.93634e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 25.0779 New_limit: 25.0779 L: 17.1724 Additional Memory: 7

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 114998032 duration: 38.911 speed: 2.95541e+06 garbage collected: 23322496 speed: 599381 heap limit: 115962575 size before gc: 114998032 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0887973 gc_rate: 0.57752, g_bytes: 1.93023e+07, g_time: 2.17375e+08, s_bytes: 1.14666e+08, s_time: 1.98549e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 118.223 New_limit: 118.223 L: 91.6755 Additional Memory: 26

allocation_rate: 0.0887965 gc_rate: 0.57752, g_bytes: yg_balancer flag disabled
1.83372e+07, g_time: 2.06508e+08, s_bytes: 1.14666e+08, s_time: 1.98549e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 118.223 New_limit: 118.223 L: 91.6755 Additional Memory: 26

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 26727824 duration: 6.717 speed: 3.97913e+06 garbage collected: 412408 speed: 61397.6 heap limit: 25077943 size before gc: 26727824 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0846973 gc_rate: 0.913136, g_bytes: 1.05891e+07, g_time: 1.25023e+08, s_bytes: 2.97136e+07, s_time: 3.25402e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 37.3627 New_limit: 37.3627 L: 26.3154 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53607740 duration: 5.179 speed: 1.0351e+07 garbage collected: 25174216 speed: 4.86083e+06 heap limit: 50930595 size before gc: 53607740 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217957 gc_rate: 0.578255, g_bytes: 2.33458e+07, g_time: 1.07112e+08, s_bytes: 5.35573e+07, s_time: 9.26189e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.5822 New_limit: 51.5822 L: 28.4335 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.0842503 gc_rate: 0.913136, g_bytes: 1.0211e+07, g_time: 1.21198e+08, s_bytes: 2.97136e+07, s_time: 3.25402e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 37.3336 New_limit: 37.3336 L: 26.3154 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54377396 duration: 1.007 speed: 5.39994e+07 garbage collected: 26308648 speed: 2.61258e+07 heap limit: 51582176 size before gc: 54377396 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217993 gc_rate: 0.606513, g_bytes: 2.34757e+07, g_time: 1.0769e+08, s_bytes: 5.38662e+07, s_time: 8.88129e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.5281 New_limit: 50.5281 L: 28.0687 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 38424372 duration: 5.751 speed: 6.68134e+06 garbage collected: 23860256 speed: 4.14889e+06 heap limit: 37333552 size before gc: 38424372 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0825338 gc_rate: 1.39548, g_bytes: 1.03059e+07, g_time: 1.24869e+08, s_bytes: 3.36948e+07, s_time: 2.41456e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 21.1268 New_limit: 21.1268 L: 14.5641 Additional Memory: 6

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53131572 duration: 0.96 speed: 5.53454e+07 garbage collected: 25011728 speed: 2.60539e+07 heap limit: 50528129 size before gc: 53131572 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218952 gc_rate: 0.610582, g_bytes: 2.35551e+07, g_time: 1.07581e+08, s_bytes: 5.33566e+07, s_time: 8.73865e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.5739 New_limit: 50.5739 L: 28.1198 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 22469380 duration: 10.084 speed: 2.22822e+06 garbage collected: 292408 speed: 28997.2 heap limit: 21126785 size before gc: 22469380 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0838372 gc_rate: 0.848603, g_bytes: 1.01858e+07, g_time: 1.21495e+08, s_bytes: 2.7677e+07, s_time: 3.26148e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 32.6435 New_limit: 32.6435 L: 22.177 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 117392652 duration: 6.887 speed: 1.70455e+07 garbage collected: 23466616 speed: 3.40738e+06 heap limit: 118223200 size before gc: 117392652 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0875229 gc_rate: 0.653339, g_bytes: 1.87062e+07, g_time: 2.13729e+08, s_bytes: 1.16764e+08, s_time: 1.78718e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 119.008 New_limit: 119.008 L: 93.926 Additional Memory: 25

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53513796 duration: 1.174 speed: 4.55824e+07 garbage collected: 25140264 speed: 2.14142e+07 heap limit: 50573859 size before gc: 53513796 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217199 gc_rate: 0.588896, g_bytes: 2.3647e+07, g_time: 1.08873e+08, s_bytes: 5.31657e+07, s_time: 9.02802e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.248 New_limit: 51.248 L: 28.3735 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.217339 gc_rate: 0.588896, g_bytes: 2.26551e+07, g_time: 1.04239e+08, s_bytes: 5.31657e+07, s_time: 9.02802e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.2554 New_limit: 51.2554 L: 28.3735 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.0878694 gc_rate: 0.653339, g_bytes: 1.84666e+07, g_time: 2.10159e+08, s_bytes: 1.16764e+08, s_time: 1.78718e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 119.058 New_limit: 119.058 L: 93.926 Additional Memory: 25

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 33803964 duration: 1.959 speed: 1.72557e+07 garbage collected: 3207076 speed: 1.6371e+06 heap limit: 32643495 size before gc: 33803964 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0829483 gc_rate: 0.596886, g_bytes: 1.02579e+07, g_time: 1.23666e+08, s_bytes: 3.0314e+07, s_time: 5.07869e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 45.1777 New_limit: 45.1777 L: 30.5969 Additional Memory: 14

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54792244 duration: 1.278 speed: 4.28734e+07 garbage collected: 26221344 speed: 2.05175e+07 heap limit: 51255363 size before gc: 54792244 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217452 gc_rate: 0.587345, g_bytes: 2.28433e+07, g_time: 1.0505e+08, s_bytes: 5.36123e+07, s_time: 9.12791e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.5685 New_limit: 51.5685 L: 28.5709 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0845845 gc_rate: 0.596886, g_bytes: 1.04187e+07, g_time: 1.23175e+08, s_bytes: 3.0314e+07, s_time: 5.07869e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 45.3208 New_limit: 45.3208 L: 30.5969 Additional Memory: 14

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 46356036 duration: 22.018 speed: 2.10537e+06 garbage collected: 21597916 speed: 980921 heap limit: 45320799 size before gc: 46356036 guid: 824817_139826082927368
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 118231868 duration: ***Calling commented Grow()***
17.528 speed: 6.74531e+06 garbage collected: 22975156 speed: 1.31077e+06 heap limit: 119058052 size before gc: 118231868 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0865876 gc_rate: 0.792299, g_bytes: 1.06857e+07, g_time: 1.23409e+08, s_bytes: 3.79531e+07, s_time: 4.79024e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 36.3894 New_limit: 36.3894 L: 24.7581 Additional Memory: 11

allocation_rate: 0.0877892 gc_rate: 0.659308, g_bytes: 1.87585e+07, g_time: 2.13677e+08, s_bytes: 1.18097e+08, s_time: 1.79123e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 120.44 New_limit: 120.44 L: 95.2567 Additional Memory: 25

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54416876 duration: 0.813 speed: 6.69334e+07 garbage collected: 26430208 speed: 3.25095e+07 heap limit: 51568476 size before gc: 54416876 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216982 gc_rate: 0.561593, g_bytes: 2.29934e+07, g_time: 1.05969e+08, s_bytes: 5.39388e+07, s_time: 9.60461e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.2387 New_limit: 51.2387 L: 27.9867 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54701172 duration: 1.387 speed: 3.94385e+07 garbage collected: 25893128 speed: 1.86684e+07 heap limit: 51238714 size before gc: 54701172 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218251 gc_rate: 0.590157, g_bytes: 2.31795e+07, g_time: 1.06206e+08, s_bytes: 5.38321e+07, s_time: 9.12165e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.8881 New_limit: 51.8881 L: 28.808 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled***Calling commented Grow()***

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 37148468 duration: 3.666 speed: 1.01332e+07 garbage collected: 23506972 speed: 6.41216e+06 heap limit: 36389390 size before gc: 37148468 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0842193 gc_rate: 1.31429, g_bytes: 1.07709e+07, g_time: 1.27892e+08, s_bytes: 3.71737e+07, s_time: 2.82842e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 20.2526 New_limit: 20.2526 L: 13.6415 Additional Memory: 6

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54983044 duration: 1.251 speed: 4.39513e+07 garbage collected: 26674312 speed: 2.13224e+07 heap limit: 51888066 size before gc: 54983044 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.21923 gc_rate: 0.59698, g_bytes: 2.33292e+07, g_time: 1.06415e+08, s_bytes: 5.41663e+07, s_time: 9.07338e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.1077 New_limit: 51.1077 L: 28.3087 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 21287508 duration: 8.963 speed: 2.37504e+06 garbage collected: 309064 speed: 34482.2 heap limit: 20252629 size before gc: 21287508 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0855336 gc_rate: 0.869218, g_bytes: 1.06147e+07, g_time: 1.241e+08, s_bytes: 2.87916e+07, s_time: 3.31236e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 31.138 New_limit: 31.138 L: 20.9784 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.21839 gc_rate: 0.59698, g_bytes: 2.25863e+07, g_time: 1.03422e+08, s_bytes: 5.41663e+07, s_time: 9.07338e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.064 New_limit: 51.064 L: 28.3087 Additional Memory: 22

***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 120174960 duration: 10.762 speed: 1.11666e+07 garbage collected: 23467804 speed: 2.18062e+06 heap limit: 120439819 size before gc: 120174960 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0877892 gc_rate: 0.640542, g_bytes: 1.90665e+07, g_time: 2.17185e+08, s_bytes: 1.19424e+08, s_time: 1.86443e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 122.45 New_limit: 122.45 L: 96.7072 Additional Memory: 25

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0876428 gc_rate: 0.640542, g_bytes: 1.83011e+07, g_time: 2.08815e+08, s_bytes: 1.19424e+08, s_time: 1.86443e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 122.429 New_limit: 122.429 L: 96.7072 Additional Memory: 25

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53610556 duration: 1.214 speed: 4.41603e+07 garbage collected: 25240116 speed: 2.07909e+07 heap limit: 51063978 size before gc: 53610556 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216801 gc_rate: 0.606115, g_bytes: 2.27221e+07, g_time: 1.04806e+08, s_bytes: 5.36254e+07, s_time: 8.84739e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.8957 New_limit: 50.8957 L: 28.3704 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 32290572 duration: 1.226 speed: 2.63381e+07 garbage collected: 2362348 speed: 1.92687e+06 heap limit: 31138022 size before gc: 32290572 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0856591 gc_rate: 0.658551, g_bytes: 1.06496e+07, g_time: 1.24325e+08, s_bytes: 3.04084e+07, s_time: 4.61748e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 43.8796 New_limit: 43.8796 L: 29.9282 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0841707 gc_rate: 0.658551, g_bytes: 1.0179e+07, g_time: 1.20933e+08, s_bytes: 3.04084e+07, s_time: 4.61748e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 43.7579 New_limit: 43.7579 L: 29.9282 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53391256 duration: 1.541 speed: 3.46471e+07 garbage collected: 25226144 speed: 1.637e+07 heap limit: 50895745 size before gc: 53391256 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.21741 gc_rate: 0.609523, g_bytes: 2.2837e+07, g_time: 1.05041e+08, s_bytes: 5.33378e+07, s_time: 8.75074e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.5774 New_limit: 50.5774 L: 28.1651 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 45029456 duration: 7.993 speed: 5.63361e+06 garbage collected: 22100000 speed: 2.76492e+06 heap limit: 43757883 size before gc: 45029456 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0846953 gc_rate: 0.880047, g_bytes: 1.04251e+07, g_time: 1.23089e+08, s_bytes: 3.74759e+07, s_time: 4.25839e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 33.4335 New_limit: 33.4335 L: 22.9295 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53314072 duration: 1.306 speed: 4.08224e+07 garbage collected: 25068736 speed: 1.91951e+07 heap limit: 50577352 size before gc: 53314072 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216441 gc_rate: 0.590853, g_bytes: 2.29526e+07, g_time: 1.06046e+08, s_bytes: 5.31216e+07, s_time: 8.99067e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.9905 New_limit: 50.9905 L: 28.2453 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 123742564 duration: 9.88 speed: 1.25246e+07 garbage collected: 22955176 speed: 2.3234e+06 heap limit: 122428787 size before gc: 123742564 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0872962 gc_rate: 0.678525, g_bytes: 1.87378e+07, g_time: 2.14647e+08, s_bytes: 1.22244e+08, s_time: 1.80161e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 126.25 New_limit: 126.25 L: 100.787 Additional Memory: 25

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***yg_balancer flag disabled

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53738400 duration: 1.202 speed: 4.47075e+07 garbage collected: 25193164 speed: 2.09594e+07 heap limit: 50990465 size before gc: 53738400 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216453 gc_rate: 0.582866, g_bytes: 2.30796e+07, g_time: 1.06627e+08, s_bytes: 5.30725e+07, s_time: 9.10544e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.5676 New_limit: 51.5676 L: 28.5452 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabledyg_balancer flag disabled

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 34330948 duration: 1.832 speed: 1.87396e+07 garbage collected: 23472804 speed: 1.28127e+07 heap limit: 33433548 size before gc: 34330948 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0827184 gc_rate: 1.38344, g_bytes: 1.04739e+07, g_time: 1.26621e+08, s_bytes: 3.55654e+07, s_time: 2.5708e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 16.5556 New_limit: 16.5556 L: 10.8581 Additional Memory: 5

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.217139 gc_rate: 0.582866, g_bytes: 2.26243e+07, g_time: 1.04193e+08, s_bytes: 5.30725e+07, s_time: 9.10544e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.604 New_limit: 51.604 L: 28.5452 Additional Memory: 23

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 17725884 duration: 6.501 speed: 2.72664e+06 garbage collected: 319664 speed: 49171.5 heap limit: 16555634 size before gc: 17725884 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0842307 gc_rate: 1.11014, g_bytes: 1.02936e+07, g_time: 1.22207e+08, s_bytes: 2.62043e+07, s_time: 2.36045e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 25.5323 New_limit: 25.5323 L: 17.4062 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.087439 gc_rate: 0.678525, g_bytes: 1.87679e+07, g_time: 2.1464e+08, s_bytes: 1.22244e+08, s_time: 1.80161e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 126.271 New_limit: 126.271 L: 100.787 Additional Memory: 25

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54543856 duration: 1.229 speed: 4.43807e+07 garbage collected: 26360336 speed: 2.14486e+07 heap limit: 51604018 size before gc: 54543856 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217457 gc_rate: 0.594979, g_bytes: 2.2793e+07, g_time: 1.04816e+08, s_bytes: 5.36324e+07, s_time: 9.01417e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.8779 New_limit: 50.8779 L: 28.1835 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 27071972 duration: 5.071 speed: 5.33859e+06 garbage collected: 417796 speed: 82389.3 heap limit: 25532346 size before gc: 27071972 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0859028 gc_rate: 0.777899, g_bytes: 1.02622e+07, g_time: 1.19463e+08, s_bytes: 2.63223e+07, s_time: 3.38377e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 38.7855 New_limit: 38.7855 L: 26.6542 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 125104552 duration: 41.63 speed: 3.00515e+06 garbage collected: 25792088 speed: 619555 heap limit: 126270821 size before gc: 125104552 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0877121 gc_rate: 0.629666, g_bytes: 1.90454e+07, g_time: 2.17135e+08, s_bytes: 1.24293e+08, s_time: 1.97396e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 125.613 New_limit: 125.613 L: 99.3125 Additional Memory: 26

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0849328 gc_rate: 0.777899, g_bytes: 9.94348e+06, g_time: 1.17075e+08, s_bytes: 2.63223e+07, s_time: 3.38377e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 38.7169 New_limit: 38.7169 L: 26.6542 Additional Memory: 12

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53725452 duration: 1.858 speed: 2.89157e+07 garbage collected: 25106204 speed: 1.35125e+07 heap limit: 50877893 size before gc: 53725452 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.216981 gc_rate: 0.582268, g_bytes: 2.29304e+07, g_time: 1.05679e+08, s_bytes: 5.32775e+07, s_time: 9.14998e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.7114 New_limit: 51.7114 L: 28.6192 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54764264 duration: 1.398 speed: 3.91733e+07 garbage collected: 26469224 speed: 1.89336e+07 heap limit: 51711353 size before gc: 54764264 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.21794 gc_rate: 0.584947, g_bytes: 2.30912e+07, g_time: 1.05952e+08, s_bytes: 5.37853e+07, s_time: 9.19489e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.2539 New_limit: 51.2539 L: 28.295 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 39741528 duration: 5.6 speed: 7.0967e+06 garbage collected: 23679436 speed: 4.22847e+06 heap limit: 38716852 size before gc: 39741528 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0830893 gc_rate: 1.22224, g_bytes: 1.01007e+07, g_time: 1.21564e+08, s_bytes: 3.26568e+07, s_time: 2.67189e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 23.451 New_limit: 23.451 L: 16.0621 Additional Memory: 7

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()******Calling commented Grow()***

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 24499048 duration: 11.534 speed: 2.12407e+06 garbage collected: 358476 speed: 31079.9 heap limit: 23451010 size before gc: 24499048 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0842671 gc_rate: 0.78001, g_bytes: 1.00175e+07, g_time: 1.18878e+08, s_bytes: 2.8179e+07, s_time: 3.61264e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 35.5598 New_limit: 35.5598 L: 24.1406 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54352628 duration: yg_balancer flag disabled
1.379 speed: 3.94145e+07 garbage collected: 26121580 speed: 1.89424e+07 heap limit: 51253918 size before gc: 54352628 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217106 gc_rate: 0.584485, g_bytes: 2.32395e+07, g_time: 1.07042e+08, s_bytes: 5.38684e+07, s_time: 9.2164e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.1291 New_limit: 51.1291 L: 28.231 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 124553952 duration: 13.873 speed: 8.97816e+06 garbage collected: 23454444 speed: 1.69065e+06 heap limit: 125612813 size before gc: 124553952 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0868467 gc_rate: 0.644286, g_bytes: 1.93552e+07, g_time: 2.22866e+08, s_bytes: 1.25078e+08, s_time: 1.94134e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 127.203 New_limit: 127.203 L: 101.1 Additional Memory: 26

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.217405 gc_rate: 0.584485, g_bytes: 2.29178e+07, g_time: 1.05415e+08, s_bytes: 5.38684e+07, s_time: 9.2164e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.1448 New_limit: 51.1448 L: 28.231 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54598644 duration: 1.684 speed: 3.2422e+07 garbage collected: 26098004 speed: 1.54976e+07 heap limit: 51144823 size before gc: 54598644 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217563 gc_rate: 0.60269, g_bytes: 2.30903e+07, g_time: 1.06131e+08, s_bytes: 5.38949e+07, s_time: 8.9424e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.1814 New_limit: 51.1814 L: 28.5006 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0870129 gc_rate: 0.644286, g_bytes: 1.86956e+07, g_time: 2.1486e+08, s_bytes: 1.25078e+08, s_time: 1.94134e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 127.228 New_limit: 127.228 L: 101.1 Additional Memory: 26

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 36443640 duration: 3.114 speed: 1.17032e+07 garbage collected: 23482960 speed: 7.54109e+06 heap limit: 35559830 size before gc: 36443640 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0824295 gc_rate: 1.41184, g_bytes: 1.01318e+07, g_time: 1.22914e+08, s_bytes: 3.19362e+07, s_time: 2.26202e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 19.1117 New_limit: 19.1117 L: 12.9607 Additional Memory: 6
***Calling commented Grow()***

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 19936372 duration: 20.639 speed: 965956 garbage collected: 294284 speed: 14258.6 heap limit: 19111696 size before gc: 19936372 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0840295 gc_rate: 0.821634, g_bytes: 9.97396e+06, g_time: 1.18696e+08, s_bytes: 2.55771e+07, s_time: 3.11296e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 29.6641 New_limit: 29.6641 L: 19.6421 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53758060 duration: 1.687 speed: 3.18661e+07 garbage collected: 25336236 speed: 1.50185e+07 heap limit: 51181434 size before gc: 53758060 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217845 gc_rate: 0.587726, g_bytes: 2.31987e+07, g_time: 1.06492e+08, s_bytes: 5.35156e+07, s_time: 9.10555e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.3726 New_limit: 51.3726 L: 28.4218 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.0839387 gc_rate: 0.821634, g_bytes: 9.5406e+06, g_time: 1.13662e+08, s_bytes: 2.55771e+07, s_time: 3.11296e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 29.6587 New_limit: 29.6587 L: 19.6421 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 31152584 duration: 2.321 speed: 1.34221e+07 garbage collected: 2344976 speed: 1.01033e+06 heap limit: 29658694 size before gc: 31152584 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0850231 gc_rate: 0.52892, g_bytes: 9.6391e+06, g_time: 1.1337e+08, s_bytes: 2.78875e+07, s_time: 5.27253e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 44.024 New_limit: 44.024 L: 28.8076 Additional Memory: 15

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 125893868 duration: 42.694 speed: 2.94875e+06 garbage collected: 23321776 speed: 546254 heap limit: 127227858 size before gc: 125893868 guid: 824817_139826150036232
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.087776 gc_rate: 0.585519, g_bytes: 1.90005e+07, g_time: 2.16466e+08, s_bytes: 1.26129e+08, s_time: 2.15414e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 130.3 New_limit: 130.3 L: 102.572 Additional Memory: 27

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 55158888 duration: 1.57 speed: 3.5133e+07 garbage collected: 26366088 speed: 1.67937e+07 heap limit: 51372603 size before gc: 55158888 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217035 gc_rate: 0.576997, g_bytes: 2.33756e+07, g_time: 1.07704e+08, s_bytes: 5.38412e+07, s_time: 9.33127e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 52.0632 New_limit: 52.0632 L: 28.7928 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 55298220 duration: 1.809 speed: 3.05684e+07 garbage collected: 26621820 speed: 1.47163e+07 heap limit: 52063234 size before gc: 55298220 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217313 gc_rate: 0.578633, g_bytes: 2.35321e+07, g_time: 1.08287e+08, s_bytes: 5.41374e+07, s_time: 9.35609e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.8818 New_limit: 51.8818 L: 28.6764 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 44842628 duration: 10.823 speed: 4.14327e+06 garbage collected: 21835816 speed: 2.01754e+06 heap limit: 44024018 size before gc: 44842628 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0851517 gc_rate: 0.769379, g_bytes: 9.95889e+06, g_time: 1.16955e+08, s_bytes: 3.5987e+07, s_time: 4.67742e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 34.2902 New_limit: 34.2902 L: 23.0068 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.218717 gc_rate: 0.578633, g_bytes: 2.34255e+07, g_time: 1.07104e+08, s_bytes: 5.41374e+07, s_time: 9.35609e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.9566 New_limit: 51.9566 L: 28.6764 Additional Memory: 23

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54836256 duration: 1.265 speed: 4.33488e+07 garbage collected: 26474188 speed: 2.09282e+07 heap limit: 51956612 size before gc: 54836256 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.21935 gc_rate: 0.580419, g_bytes: 2.35622e+07, g_time: 1.07418e+08, s_bytes: 5.42187e+07, s_time: 9.34129e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.5121 New_limit: 51.5121 L: 28.3621 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0879553 gc_rate: 0.585519, g_bytes: 1.92887e+07, g_time: 2.19301e+08, s_bytes: 1.26129e+08, s_time: 2.15414e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 130.328 New_limit: 130.328 L: 102.572 Additional Memory: 27

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 130204144 duration: 11.802 speed: 1.10324e+07 garbage collected: 25729280 speed: 2.18008e+06 heap limit: 130328313 size before gc: 130204144 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0879829 gc_rate: 0.609673, g_bytes: 1.97059e+07, g_time: 2.23974e+08, s_bytes: 1.28707e+08, s_time: 2.11108e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 131.931 New_limit: 131.931 L: 104.475 Additional Memory: 27

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54551872 duration: 1.695 speed: 3.2184e+07 garbage collected: 26199772 speed: 1.54571e+07 heap limit: 51512136 size before gc: 54551872 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218915 gc_rate: 0.581561, g_bytes: 2.36936e+07, g_time: 1.08232e+08, s_bytes: 5.41166e+07, s_time: 9.3054e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.4524 New_limit: 51.4524 L: 28.3521 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 35348400 duration: 2.55 speed: 1.38621e+07 garbage collected: 23444420 speed: 9.19389e+06 heap limit: 34290209 size before gc: 35348400 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0831857 gc_rate: 1.25079, g_bytes: 1.0078e+07, g_time: 1.21151e+08, s_bytes: 3.52248e+07, s_time: 2.81621e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 18.1956 New_limit: 18.1956 L: 11.904 Additional Memory: 6

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0832755 gc_rate: 1.25079, g_bytes: 9.62036e+06, g_time: 1.15525e+08, s_bytes: 3.52248e+07, s_time: 2.81621e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 18.199 New_limit: 18.199 L: 11.904 Additional Memory: 6

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 19107412 duration: 9.672 speed: 1.97554e+06 garbage collected: 426132 speed: 44058.3 heap limit: 18199010 size before gc: 19107412 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0849722 gc_rate: 1.01372, g_bytes: 9.49952e+06, g_time: 1.11796e+08, s_bytes: 2.67793e+07, s_time: 2.6417e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 27.5298 New_limit: 27.5298 L: 18.6813 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54261116 duration: 0.84 speed: 6.45966e+07 garbage collected: 26153080 speed: 3.11346e+07 heap limit: 51452421 size before gc: 54261116 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.219019 gc_rate: 0.60434, g_bytes: 2.38043e+07, g_time: 1.08686e+08, s_bytes: 5.40564e+07, s_time: 8.9447e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.6764 New_limit: 50.6764 L: 28.108 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 29090604 duration: 1.691 speed: 1.72032e+07 garbage collected: 572992 speed: 338848 heap limit: 27529761 size before gc: 29090604 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0861309 gc_rate: 0.716439, g_bytes: 9.54501e+06, g_time: 1.1082e+08, s_bytes: 2.76216e+07, s_time: 3.8554e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.6104 New_limit: 41.6104 L: 28.5176 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!yg_balancer flag disabled

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 53326180 duration: 1.316 speed: 4.05214e+07 garbage collected: 24951592 speed: 1.89602e+07 heap limit: 50676421 size before gc: 53326180 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.219082 gc_rate: 0.57511, g_bytes: 2.3875e+07, g_time: 1.08977e+08, s_bytes: 5.34171e+07, s_time: 9.28815e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.6222 New_limit: 51.6222 L: 28.3746 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 130967732 duration: 50.954 speed: 2.57031e+06 garbage collected: 23538300 speed: 461952 heap limit: 131931129 size before gc: 130967732 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.088548 gc_rate: 0.594464, g_bytes: 2.00452e+07, g_time: 2.26377e+08, s_bytes: 1.30503e+08, s_time: 2.19531e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 135.716 New_limit: 135.716 L: 107.429 Additional Memory: 28

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 42840440 duration: 7.435 speed: 5.762e+06 garbage collected: 23464456 speed: 3.15595e+06 heap limit: 41610379 size before gc: 42840440 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0854576 gc_rate: 1.05341, g_bytes: 9.7839e+06, g_time: 1.14488e+08, s_bytes: 3.47569e+07, s_time: 3.29945e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 28.2413 New_limit: 28.2413 L: 19.376 Additional Memory: 8

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.218548 gc_rate: 0.57511, g_bytes: 2.38354e+07, g_time: 1.09063e+08, s_bytes: 5.34171e+07, s_time: 9.28815e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.5938 New_limit: 51.5938 L: 28.3746 Additional Memory: 23

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54706944 duration: 1.763 speed: 3.10306e+07 garbage collected: 26217856 speed: 1.48712e+07 heap limit: 51593800 size before gc: 54706944 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.217925 gc_rate: 0.56361, g_bytes: 2.39602e+07, g_time: 1.09947e+08, s_bytes: 5.37246e+07, s_time: 9.53222e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.9577 New_limit: 51.9577 L: 28.4891 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0882126 gc_rate: 0.594464, g_bytes: 1.95254e+07, g_time: 2.21345e+08, s_bytes: 1.30503e+08, s_time: 2.19531e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 135.662 New_limit: 135.662 L: 107.429 Additional Memory: 28

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 29135480 duration: 1.288 speed: 2.26207e+07 garbage collected: 659276 speed: 511860 heap limit: 28241263 size before gc: 29135480 guid: 824817_139826082927368
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.086667 gc_rate: 0.704282, g_bytes: 9.78268e+06, g_time: 1.12877e+08, s_bytes: 3.17922e+07, s_time: 4.51413e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.7129 New_limit: 41.7129 L: 28.4762 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54888428 duration: 1.155 speed: 4.75224e+07 garbage collected: 26327712 speed: 2.27946e+07 heap limit: 51957737 size before gc: 54888428 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218154 gc_rate: 0.572389, g_bytes: 2.40822e+07, g_time: 1.10391e+08, s_bytes: 5.39412e+07, s_time: 9.42386e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.8902 New_limit: 51.8902 L: 28.5607 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.0848523 gc_rate: 0.704282, g_bytes: 9.47626e+06, g_time: 1.1168e+08, s_bytes: 3.17922e+07, s_time: 4.51413e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.5736 New_limit: 41.5736 L: 28.4762 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabledyg_balancer flag disabled

***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 55119176 duration: 2.54 speed: 2.17005e+07 garbage collected: 26439876 speed: 1.04094e+07 heap limit: 51890206 size before gc: 55119176 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218584 gc_rate: 0.538886, g_bytes: 2.4206e+07, g_time: 1.1074e+08, s_bytes: 5.40984e+07, s_time: 1.00389e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 52.7967 New_limit: 52.7967 L: 28.6793 Additional Memory: 24

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 42546432 duration: 9.915 speed: 4.29112e+06 garbage collected: 23206848 speed: 2.34058e+06 heap limit: 41573591 size before gc: 42546432 guid: 824817_139826082927368
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0839145 gc_rate: 0.980986, g_bytes: 9.70596e+06, g_time: 1.15665e+08, s_bytes: 3.68146e+07, s_time: 3.75281e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 28.4344 New_limit: 28.4344 L: 19.3396 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 134789840 duration: 67.336 speed: 2.00175e+06 garbage collected: 26328424 speed: 391001 heap limit: 135661927 size before gc: 134789840 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0884183 gc_rate: 0.58975, g_bytes: 1.99172e+07, g_time: 2.25261e+08, s_bytes: 1.33244e+08, s_time: 2.25934e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 136.976 New_limit: 136.976 L: 108.461 Additional Memory: 28

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 29501928 duration: 3.609 speed: 8.17454e+06 garbage collected: 2112184 speed: 585255 heap limit: 28434437 size before gc: 29501928 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0850757 gc_rate: 0.671301, g_bytes: 9.72878e+06, g_time: 1.14354e+08, s_bytes: 3.29398e+07, s_time: 4.90686e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 40.5639 New_limit: 40.5639 L: 27.3897 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 56284508 duration: 1.893 speed: 2.9733e+07 garbage collected: 27469568 speed: 1.45111e+07 heap limit: 52796664 size before gc: 56284508 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218024 gc_rate: 0.538067, g_bytes: 2.4376e+07, g_time: 1.11804e+08, s_bytes: 5.46897e+07, s_time: 1.01641e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 52.9767 New_limit: 52.9767 L: 28.8149 Additional Memory: 24

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.218911 gc_rate: 0.538067, g_bytes: 2.4438e+07, g_time: 1.11635e+08, s_bytes: 5.46897e+07, s_time: 1.01641e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 53.0258 New_limit: 53.0258 L: 28.8149 Additional Memory: 24

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 55751040 duration: 1.188 speed: 4.69285e+07 garbage collected: 27551044 speed: 2.31911e+07 heap limit: 53025761 size before gc: 55751040 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.219524 gc_rate: 0.576899, g_bytes: 2.45629e+07, g_time: 1.11892e+08, s_bytes: 5.50446e+07, s_time: 9.54146e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.3633 New_limit: 51.3633 L: 28.2 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0890948 gc_rate: 0.58975, g_bytes: 2.02192e+07, g_time: 2.2694e+08, s_bytes: 1.33244e+08, s_time: 2.25934e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 137.084 New_limit: 137.084 L: 108.461 Additional Memory: 28

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 41457092 duration: 6.061 speed: 6.83998e+06 garbage collected: 21866560 speed: 3.60775e+06 heap limit: 40563909 size before gc: 41457092 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0840535 gc_rate: 0.918865, g_bytes: 9.94571e+06, g_time: 1.18326e+08, s_bytes: 3.68141e+07, s_time: 4.00648e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 29.0564 New_limit: 29.0564 L: 19.5905 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54610268 duration: 1.818 speed: 3.00387e+07 garbage collected: 26123956 speed: 1.43696e+07 heap limit: 51363334 size before gc: 54610268 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.219345 gc_rate: 0.569901, g_bytes: 2.46553e+07, g_time: 1.12404e+08, s_bytes: 5.44918e+07, s_time: 9.56163e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.8999 New_limit: 51.8999 L: 28.4863 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 137040856 duration: 12.78 speed: 1.07231e+07 garbage collected: 26435460 speed: 2.0685e+06 heap limit: 137084387 size before gc: 137040856 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0888525 gc_rate: 0.613116, g_bytes: 2.06372e+07, g_time: 2.32263e+08, s_bytes: 1.35717e+08, s_time: 2.21357e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 138.915 New_limit: 138.915 L: 110.605 Additional Memory: 28

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0845298 gc_rate: 0.918865, g_bytes: 9.9025e+06, g_time: 1.17148e+08, s_bytes: 3.68141e+07, s_time: 4.00648e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 29.0832 New_limit: 29.0832 L: 19.5905 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 30520512 duration: 2.579 speed: 1.18342e+07 garbage collected: 2126552 speed: 824565 heap limit: 29083175 size before gc: 30520512 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0848991 gc_rate: 0.710619, g_bytes: 9.95388e+06, g_time: 1.17244e+08, s_bytes: 3.32725e+07, s_time: 4.68219e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 41.4176 New_limit: 41.4176 L: 28.394 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54446340 duration: 1.389 speed: 3.91982e+07 garbage collected: 26222828 speed: 1.88789e+07 heap limit: 51899884 size before gc: 54446340 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.218778 gc_rate: 0.596332, g_bytes: 2.47205e+07, g_time: 1.12994e+08, s_bytes: 5.42678e+07, s_time: 9.10026e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.977 New_limit: 50.977 L: 28.2235 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 53256664 duration: 1.138 speed: 4.67985e+07 garbage collected: 25084016 speed: 2.20422e+07 heap limit: 50977013 size before gc: 53256664 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.219518 gc_rate: 0.601799, g_bytes: 2.47362e+07, g_time: 1.12684e+08, s_bytes: 5.36024e+07, s_time: 8.90703e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.8404 New_limit: 50.8404 L: 28.1726 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 42245348 duration: 15.328 speed: 2.75609e+06 garbage collected: 21928056 speed: 1.43059e+06 heap limit: 41417561 size before gc: 42245348 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0839438 gc_rate: 0.858307, g_bytes: 1.01488e+07, g_time: 1.20899e+08, s_bytes: 3.74007e+07, s_time: 4.35749e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 30.2849 New_limit: 30.2849 L: 20.3173 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53474504 duration: 1.926 speed: 2.77645e+07 garbage collected: 25058684 speed: 1.30107e+07 heap limit: 50840384 size before gc: 53474504 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.220336 gc_rate: 0.57543, g_bytes: 2.47645e+07, g_time: 1.12394e+08, s_bytes: 5.32262e+07, s_time: 9.24982e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.7403 New_limit: 51.7403 L: 28.4158 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.220059 gc_rate: 0.57543, g_bytes: 2.3763e+07, g_time: 1.07984e+08, s_bytes: 5.32262e+07, s_time: 9.24982e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.7256 New_limit: 51.7256 L: 28.4158 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 138035176 duration: 61.708 speed: 2.23691e+06 garbage collected: 26143384 speed: 423663 heap limit: 138915184 size before gc: 138035176 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0887059 gc_rate: 0.612284, g_bytes: 2.09768e+07, g_time: 2.36476e+08, s_bytes: 1.37478e+08, s_time: 2.24532e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 140.362 New_limit: 140.362 L: 111.892 Additional Memory: 28

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 31699488 duration: 1.848 speed: 1.71534e+07 garbage collected: 2174936 speed: 1.17691e+06 heap limit: 30284901 size before gc: 31699488 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0838017 gc_rate: 0.636705, g_bytes: 1.02104e+07, g_time: 1.2184e+08, s_bytes: 3.41983e+07, s_time: 5.37115e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 43.4636 New_limit: 43.4636 L: 29.5246 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0885672 gc_rate: 0.612284, g_bytes: 2.00496e+07, g_time: 2.26377e+08, s_bytes: 1.37478e+08, s_time: 2.24532e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 140.339 New_limit: 140.339 L: 111.892 Additional Memory: 28

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54874452 duration: 1.552 speed: 3.53572e+07 garbage collected: 26331936 speed: 1.69665e+07 heap limit: 51725647 size before gc: 54874452 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.219275 gc_rate: 0.580191, g_bytes: 2.38978e+07, g_time: 1.08985e+08, s_bytes: 5.36822e+07, s_time: 9.25251e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.7667 New_limit: 51.7667 L: 28.5425 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0823517 gc_rate: 0.636705, g_bytes: 1.00508e+07, g_time: 1.22047e+08, s_bytes: 3.41983e+07, s_time: 5.37115e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 43.3425 New_limit: 43.3425 L: 29.5246 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54952000 duration: 1.401 speed: 3.92234e+07 garbage collected: 26388244 speed: 1.88353e+07 heap limit: 51766676 size before gc: 54952000 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.219839 gc_rate: 0.586659, g_bytes: 2.40233e+07, g_time: 1.09277e+08, s_bytes: 5.39509e+07, s_time: 9.1963e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.6978 New_limit: 51.6978 L: 28.5638 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 44312624 duration: 12.175 speed: 3.63964e+06 garbage collected: 21724312 speed: 1.78434e+06 heap limit: 43342510 size before gc: 44312624 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0826455 gc_rate: 0.87321, g_bytes: 1.02876e+07, g_time: 1.24479e+08, s_bytes: 3.88083e+07, s_time: 4.44432e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 32.9273 New_limit: 32.9273 L: 22.5883 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54467304 duration: 1.658 speed: 3.28512e+07 garbage collected: 26268700 speed: 1.58436e+07 heap limit: 51697817 size before gc: 54467304 guid: 824817_139826284253960
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.219733 gc_rate: 0.578984, g_bytes: 2.41173e+07, g_time: 1.09757e+08, s_bytes: 5.40253e+07, s_time: 9.33105e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.3306 New_limit: 51.3306 L: 28.1986 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 139600736 duration: 13.758 speed: 1.01469e+07 garbage collected: 26838380 speed: 1.95075e+06 heap limit: 140339291 size before gc: 139600736 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.088314 gc_rate: 0.62222, g_bytes: 2.04325e+07, g_time: 2.31362e+08, s_bytes: 1.39156e+08, s_time: 2.23645e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 141.051 New_limit: 141.051 L: 112.762 Additional Memory: 28

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 33465536 duration: 1.733 speed: 1.93108e+07 garbage collected: 3083784 speed: 1.77945e+06 heap limit: 32927277 size before gc: 33465536 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0805606 gc_rate: 0.629225, g_bytes: 1.03171e+07, g_time: 1.28066e+08, s_bytes: 3.59213e+07, s_time: 5.70881e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 44.3278 New_limit: 44.3278 L: 30.3818 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54306928 duration: 1.379 speed: 3.93814e+07 garbage collected: 26008348 speed: 1.88603e+07 heap limit: 51330629 size before gc: 54306928 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.220067 gc_rate: 0.58092, g_bytes: 2.42169e+07, g_time: 1.10043e+08, s_bytes: 5.39354e+07, s_time: 9.28448e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.4505 New_limit: 51.4505 L: 28.2986 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.220707 gc_rate: 0.58092, g_bytes: 2.35268e+07, g_time: 1.06598e+08, s_bytes: 5.39354e+07, s_time: 9.28448e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.4841 New_limit: 51.4841 L: 28.2986 Additional Memory: 23

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 45461204 duration: 13.3 speed: 3.41814e+06 garbage collected: 21242172 speed: 1.59716e+06 heap limit: 44327761 size before gc: 45461204 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0834029 gc_rate: 0.826534, g_bytes: 1.05552e+07, g_time: 1.26557e+08, s_bytes: 4.02473e+07, s_time: 4.86941e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 35.2731 New_limit: 35.2731 L: 24.219 Additional Memory: 11

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0885134 gc_rate: 0.62222, g_bytes: 2.03164e+07, g_time: 2.29529e+08, s_bytes: 1.39156e+08, s_time: 2.23645e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 141.083 New_limit: 141.083 L: 112.762 Additional Memory: 28

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 55117732 duration: 1.004 speed: 5.48981e+07 garbage collected: 26084712 speed: 2.59808e+07 heap limit: 51484120 size before gc: 55117732 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.221035 gc_rate: 0.608261, g_bytes: 2.36915e+07, g_time: 1.07184e+08, s_bytes: 5.43933e+07, s_time: 8.94244e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 52.0007 New_limit: 52.0007 L: 29.033 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.082269 gc_rate: 0.826534, g_bytes: 1.04424e+07, g_time: 1.2693e+08, s_bytes: 4.02473e+07, s_time: 4.86941e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 35.1977 New_limit: 35.1977 L: 24.219 Additional Memory: 10

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 139715656 duration: 52.193 speed: 2.6769e+06 garbage collected: 25812976 speed: 494568 heap limit: 141082770 size before gc: 139715656 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0888276 gc_rate: 0.604108, g_bytes: 2.06482e+07, g_time: 2.32453e+08, s_bytes: 1.40104e+08, s_time: 2.31919e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 142.841 New_limit: 142.841 L: 113.903 Additional Memory: 28

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 55684588 duration: 0.952 speed: 5.84922e+07 garbage collected: 26781456 speed: 2.81318e+07 heap limit: 52000658 size before gc: 55684588 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.221026 gc_rate: 0.586698, g_bytes: 2.38395e+07, g_time: 1.07858e+08, s_bytes: 5.49667e+07, s_time: 9.36882e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 52.2362 New_limit: 52.2362 L: 28.9031 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 36140504 duration: 9.404 speed: 3.8431e+06 garbage collected: 23563528 speed: 2.50569e+06 heap limit: 35197742 size before gc: 36140504 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0807272 gc_rate: 1.14491, g_bytes: 1.05163e+07, g_time: 1.3027e+08, s_bytes: 3.78383e+07, s_time: 3.3049e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 19.2358 New_limit: 19.2358 L: 12.577 Additional Memory: 6

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 19984712 duration: 11.549 speed: 1.73043e+06 garbage collected: 301056 speed: 26067.7 heap limit: 19235790 size before gc: 19984712 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0822364 gc_rate: 0.898106, g_bytes: 1.03609e+07, g_time: 1.25989e+08, s_bytes: 2.85589e+07, s_time: 3.1799e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 29.1767 New_limit: 29.1767 L: 19.6837 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 55195096 duration: 1.464 speed: 3.77016e+07 garbage collected: 26646652 speed: 1.82013e+07 heap limit: 52236211 size before gc: 55195096 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.220351 gc_rate: 0.587836, g_bytes: 2.39621e+07, g_time: 1.08745e+08, s_bytes: 5.47135e+07, s_time: 9.30761e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.68 New_limit: 51.68 L: 28.5484 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()******Calling commented Grow()***

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: typescript.js size: 30667824 duration: 1.877 speed: 1.63387e+07 garbage collected: 2130960 speed: 1.1353e+06 heap limit: 29176713 size before gc: 30667824 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0832795 gc_rate: 0.652726, g_bytes: 1.03921e+07, g_time: 1.24785e+08, s_bytes: 2.92669e+07, s_time: 4.4838e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 42.0293 New_limit: 42.0293 L: 28.5369 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54442444 duration: 1.022 speed: 5.32705e+07 garbage collected: 26291656 speed: 2.57257e+07 heap limit: 51680028 size before gc: 54442444 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.220683 gc_rate: 0.607701, g_bytes: 2.40587e+07, g_time: 1.09019e+08, s_bytes: 5.4419e+07, s_time: 8.9549e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.7592 New_limit: 50.7592 L: 28.1508 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.221369 gc_rate: 0.607701, g_bytes: 2.3568e+07, g_time: 1.06465e+08, s_bytes: 5.4419e+07, s_time: 8.9549e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.7943 New_limit: 50.7943 L: 28.1508 Additional Memory: 22

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 142440796 duration: 9.615 speed: 1.48144e+07 garbage collected: 26172348 speed: 2.72203e+06 heap limit: 142840679 size before gc: 142440796 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0887582 gc_rate: 0.629264, g_bytes: 2.10427e+07, g_time: 2.37079e+08, s_bytes: 1.41753e+08, s_time: 2.25267e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 144.904 New_limit: 144.904 L: 116.268 Additional Memory: 28

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.088581 gc_rate: 0.629264, g_bytes: 2.00391e+07, g_time: 2.26224e+08, s_bytes: 1.41753e+08, s_time: 2.25267e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 144.875 New_limit: 144.875 L: 116.268 Additional Memory: 28

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 53338896 duration: 1.482 speed: 3.59912e+07 garbage collected: 25028792 speed: 1.68885e+07 heap limit: 50794293 size before gc: 53338896 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.220328 gc_rate: 0.586162, g_bytes: 2.3649e+07, g_time: 1.07336e+08, s_bytes: 5.36429e+07, s_time: 9.15155e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.3766 New_limit: 51.3766 L: 28.3101 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 43018868 duration: 6.536 speed: 6.58183e+06 garbage collected: 21861068 speed: 3.34472e+06 heap limit: 42029345 size before gc: 43018868 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0824995 gc_rate: 0.914371, g_bytes: 1.05966e+07, g_time: 1.28444e+08, s_bytes: 3.58315e+07, s_time: 3.9187e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 30.9276 New_limit: 30.9276 L: 21.1578 Additional Memory: 9

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0834212 gc_rate: 0.914371, g_bytes: 1.04564e+07, g_time: 1.25345e+08, s_bytes: 3.58315e+07, s_time: 3.9187e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 30.982 New_limit: 30.982 L: 21.1578 Additional Memory: 9

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54447896 duration: 1.069 speed: 5.09335e+07 garbage collected: 26142436 speed: 2.4455e+07 heap limit: 51376591 size before gc: 54447896 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.220603 gc_rate: 0.586202, g_bytes: 2.37735e+07, g_time: 1.07766e+08, s_bytes: 5.38088e+07, s_time: 9.17923e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.3837 New_limit: 51.3837 L: 28.3055 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 32237564 duration: 1.913 speed: 1.68518e+07 garbage collected: 2329328 speed: 1.21763e+06 heap limit: 30982000 size before gc: 32237564 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0841067 gc_rate: 0.642222, g_bytes: 1.04876e+07, g_time: 1.24694e+08, s_bytes: 3.37488e+07, s_time: 5.255e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 43.9026 New_limit: 43.9026 L: 29.9082 Additional Memory: 13

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54232384 duration: 1.101 speed: 4.92574e+07 garbage collected: 26062156 speed: 2.36713e+07 heap limit: 51383665 size before gc: 54232384 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.220532 gc_rate: 0.585578, g_bytes: 2.38812e+07, g_time: 1.08289e+08, s_bytes: 5.3842e+07, s_time: 9.19466e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.2018 New_limit: 51.2018 L: 28.1702 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
824817_139826150036232 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: pdfjs.js size: 143851168 duration: 47.107 speed: 3.05371e+06 garbage collected: 26705972 speed: 566922 heap limit: 144875267 size before gc: 143851168 guid: 824817_139826150036232
allocation_rate: 0.0889635 gc_rate: 0.577045, g_bytes: 2.04163e+07, g_time: 2.29491e+08, s_bytes: 1.43504e+08, s_time: 2.48687e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 147.195 New_limit: 147.195 L: 117.145 Additional Memory: 30

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826082927368 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: typescript.js size: 44886380 duration: 8.045 speed: 5.57941e+06 garbage collected: 21851472 speed: 2.71616e+06 heap limit: 43902594 size before gc: 44886380 guid: 824817_139826082927368
allocation_rate: 0.0844811 gc_rate: 0.868509, g_bytes: 1.07121e+07, g_time: 1.26799e+08, s_bytes: 3.8907e+07, s_time: 4.47975e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 33.6194 New_limit: 33.6194 L: 23.0349 Additional Memory: 10

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: splay.js size: 54112864 duration: 1.915 speed: 2.82574e+07 garbage collected: 25926824 speed: 1.35388e+07 heap limit: 51201814 size before gc: 54112864 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.220111 gc_rate: 0.582073, g_bytes: 2.39842e+07, g_time: 1.08964e+08, s_bytes: 5.38015e+07, s_time: 9.24308e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.2713 New_limit: 51.2713 L: 28.186 Additional Memory: 23

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.221532 gc_rate: 0.582073, g_bytes: 2.3736e+07, g_time: 1.07145e+08, s_bytes: 5.38015e+07, s_time: 9.24308e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 51.3457 New_limit: 51.3457 L: 28.186 Additional Memory: 23

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 54063160 duration: 0.977 speed: 5.53359e+07 garbage collected: 26010092 speed: 2.66224e+07 heap limit: 51345680 size before gc: 54063160 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.222134 gc_rate: 0.606793, g_bytes: 2.38431e+07, g_time: 1.07336e+08, s_bytes: 5.38249e+07, s_time: 8.87039e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.7132 New_limit: 50.7132 L: 28.0531 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.088774 gc_rate: 0.577045, g_bytes: 2.01592e+07, g_time: 2.27085e+08, s_bytes: 1.43504e+08, s_time: 2.48687e+08 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 147.163 New_limit: 147.163 L: 117.145 Additional Memory: 30

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
inside timer stop
calling join
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
824817_139826284253960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: splay.js size: 52779052 duration: 0.726 speed: 7.26984e+07 garbage collected: 24826992 speed: 3.4197e+07 heap limit: 50713208 size before gc: 52779052 guid: 824817_139826284253960
allocation_rate: 0.222906 gc_rate: 0.613978, g_bytes: 2.38872e+07, g_time: 1.07163e+08, s_bytes: 5.32411e+07, s_time: 8.6715e+07 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 50.4777 New_limit: 50.4777 L: 27.9521 Additional Memory: 22

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
Segmentation fault (core dumped)
