5
--benchmark=earley-boyer.js
--heap-size=10000000000
--log-path=log/2023-04-25-00-46-58/2023-04-25-00-46-58/2023-04-25-00-46-58/2023-04-25-00-49-08/v8_log
Running Benchmark: earley-boyer.js
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11341704 duration: 1.692 speed: 6.70313e+06 garbage collected: 9116984 speed: 5.38829e+06 heap limit: 11627824 size before gc: 11341704 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12253488 duration: 1.868 speed: 6.55968e+06 garbage collected: 9950012 speed: 5.32656e+06 heap limit: 11706580 size before gc: 12253488 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12391344 duration: 3.498 speed: 3.54241e+06 garbage collected: 9808412 speed: 2.80401e+06 heap limit: 11986036 size before gc: 12391344 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12823588 duration: 1.437 speed: 8.92386e+06 garbage collected: 10964068 speed: 7.62983e+06 heap limit: 11262624 size before gc: 12823588 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12030692 duration: 1.939 speed: 6.20459e+06 garbage collected: 9785060 speed: 5.04645e+06 heap limit: 11648736 size before gc: 12030692 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12345048 duration: 1.961 speed: 6.29528e+06 garbage collected: 10101032 speed: 5.15096e+06 heap limit: 11647120 size before gc: 12345048 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12417368 duration: 2.192 speed: 5.66486e+06 garbage collected: 9897920 speed: 4.51547e+06 heap limit: 11922552 size before gc: 12417368 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12494408 duration: 0.879 speed: 1.42143e+07 garbage collected: 10771948 speed: 1.22548e+07 heap limit: 11125564 size before gc: 12494408 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11635212 duration: 3.528 speed: 3.29796e+06 garbage collected: 9022140 speed: 2.5573e+06 heap limit: 12016176 size before gc: 11635212 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12893608 duration: 1.715 speed: 7.51814e+06 garbage collected: 11029836 speed: 6.43139e+06 heap limit: 11266876 size before gc: 12893608 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11818976 duration: 2.144 speed: 5.51258e+06 garbage collected: 9790928 speed: 4.56666e+06 heap limit: 11431152 size before gc: 11818976 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12326776 duration: 2.188 speed: 5.63381e+06 garbage collected: 9963108 speed: 4.55352e+06 heap limit: 11766772 size before gc: 12326776 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12489060 duration: 1.122 speed: 1.11311e+07 garbage collected: 10684964 speed: 9.52314e+06 heap limit: 11207200 size before gc: 12489060 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11905672 duration: 1.592 speed: 7.47844e+06 garbage collected: 10048804 speed: 6.31206e+06 heap limit: 11259972 size before gc: 11905672 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11998148 duration: 2.137 speed: 5.61448e+06 garbage collected: 9702060 speed: 4.54004e+06 heap limit: 11699192 size before gc: 11998148 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12399900 duration: 1.407 speed: 8.81301e+06 garbage collected: 10467512 speed: 7.4396e+06 heap limit: 11335492 size before gc: 12399900 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11911968 duration: 1.605 speed: 7.42179e+06 garbage collected: 9779260 speed: 6.093e+06 heap limit: 11535812 size before gc: 11911968 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12278640 duration: 2.991 speed: 4.1052e+06 garbage collected: 9920132 speed: 3.31666e+06 heap limit: 11761612 size before gc: 12278640 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12461612 duration: 1.992 speed: 6.25583e+06 garbage collected: 10711284 speed: 5.37715e+06 heap limit: 11153432 size before gc: 12461612 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11653912 duration: 1.571 speed: 7.41815e+06 garbage collected: 9721784 speed: 6.18828e+06 heap limit: 11335232 size before gc: 11653912 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11974456 duration: 1.531 speed: 7.82133e+06 garbage collected: 9844348 speed: 6.43001e+06 heap limit: 11533212 size before gc: 11974456 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12320316 duration: 2.49 speed: 4.94792e+06 garbage collected: 9968752 speed: 4.00351e+06 heap limit: 11754668 size before gc: 12320316 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12389896 duration: 1.003 speed: 1.23528e+07 garbage collected: 10628592 speed: 1.05968e+07 heap limit: 11164408 size before gc: 12389896 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11936248 duration: 1.432 speed: 8.33537e+06 garbage collected: 10141384 speed: 7.08197e+06 heap limit: 11197968 size before gc: 11936248 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11771424 duration: 1.749 speed: 6.73037e+06 garbage collected: 9635760 speed: 5.5093e+06 heap limit: 11538768 size before gc: 11771424 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12107044 duration: 1.744 speed: 6.94211e+06 garbage collected: 9702968 speed: 5.56363e+06 heap limit: 11807180 size before gc: 12107044 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12329260 duration: 1.858 speed: 6.63577e+06 garbage collected: 9925664 speed: 5.34212e+06 heap limit: 11806700 size before gc: 12329260 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12626404 duration: 1.681 speed: 7.51125e+06 garbage collected: 10687528 speed: 6.35784e+06 heap limit: 11341980 size before gc: 12626404 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11935048 duration: 1.586 speed: 7.52525e+06 garbage collected: 9805312 speed: 6.18242e+06 heap limit: 11532840 size before gc: 11935048 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12235172 duration: 2.349 speed: 5.20867e+06 garbage collected: 9878576 speed: 4.20544e+06 heap limit: 11759700 size before gc: 12235172 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12506004 duration: 1.111 speed: 1.12565e+07 garbage collected: 10704844 speed: 9.63532e+06 heap limit: 11204264 size before gc: 12506004 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11932196 duration: 2.191 speed: 5.446e+06 garbage collected: 9332480 speed: 4.25946e+06 heap limit: 12002820 size before gc: 11932196 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12673044 duration: 2.287 speed: 5.54134e+06 garbage collected: 10333828 speed: 4.51851e+06 heap limit: 11742320 size before gc: 12673044 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12354488 duration: 2.198 speed: 5.62079e+06 garbage collected: 9771332 speed: 4.44556e+06 heap limit: 11986260 size before gc: 12354488 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12793200 duration: 2.107 speed: 6.07176e+06 garbage collected: 10206764 speed: 4.84422e+06 heap limit: 11989540 size before gc: 12793200 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12579852 duration: 1.657 speed: 7.59194e+06 garbage collected: 10304116 speed: 6.21854e+06 heap limit: 11678840 size before gc: 12579852 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12203656 duration: 1.72 speed: 7.09515e+06 garbage collected: 9768560 speed: 5.6794e+06 heap limit: 11838200 size before gc: 12203656 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12450568 duration: 1.181 speed: 1.05424e+07 garbage collected: 10687332 speed: 9.04939e+06 heap limit: 11166340 size before gc: 12450568 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11901308 duration: 1.313 speed: 9.06421e+06 garbage collected: 10105872 speed: 7.69678e+06 heap limit: 11198540 size before gc: 11901308 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11658408 duration: 1.434 speed: 8.12999e+06 garbage collected: 9696332 speed: 6.76174e+06 heap limit: 11365180 size before gc: 11658408 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12024016 duration: 2.06 speed: 5.8369e+06 garbage collected: 9713060 speed: 4.71508e+06 heap limit: 11714060 size before gc: 12024016 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12574248 duration: 1.819 speed: 6.91273e+06 garbage collected: 10602968 speed: 5.82901e+06 heap limit: 11374384 size before gc: 12574248 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12010164 duration: 1.205 speed: 9.96694e+06 garbage collected: 10215188 speed: 8.47733e+06 heap limit: 11198080 size before gc: 12010164 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12027536 duration: 2.186 speed: 5.50208e+06 garbage collected: 9678060 speed: 4.42729e+06 heap limit: 11752580 size before gc: 12027536 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12385016 duration: 2.417 speed: 5.12413e+06 garbage collected: 9867040 speed: 4.08235e+06 heap limit: 11921080 size before gc: 12385016 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12579944 duration: 2.14 speed: 5.87848e+06 garbage collected: 10059568 speed: 4.70073e+06 heap limit: 11923480 size before gc: 12579944 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12578760 duration: 1.513 speed: 8.31379e+06 garbage collected: 10766404 speed: 7.11593e+06 heap limit: 11215460 size before gc: 12578760 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11801856 duration: 1.523 speed: 7.74908e+06 garbage collected: 9670660 speed: 6.34974e+06 heap limit: 11534300 size before gc: 11801856 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12106552 duration: 2.353 speed: 5.14516e+06 garbage collected: 9870956 speed: 4.19505e+06 heap limit: 11638700 size before gc: 12106552 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12263048 duration: 1.019 speed: 1.20344e+07 garbage collected: 10473776 speed: 1.02785e+07 heap limit: 11192376 size before gc: 12263048 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11787388 duration: 1.363 speed: 8.64812e+06 garbage collected: 9989472 speed: 7.32903e+06 heap limit: 11201020 size before gc: 11787388 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11759572 duration: 1.563 speed: 7.52372e+06 garbage collected: 9628300 speed: 6.16014e+06 heap limit: 11534376 size before gc: 11759572 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12189788 duration: 2.148 speed: 5.67495e+06 garbage collected: 9677096 speed: 4.50517e+06 heap limit: 11915796 size before gc: 12189788 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12483328 duration: 0.881 speed: 1.41695e+07 garbage collected: 10764288 speed: 1.22183e+07 heap limit: 11122144 size before gc: 12483328 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11531120 duration: 1.845 speed: 6.24993e+06 garbage collected: 9052248 speed: 4.90637e+06 heap limit: 11881976 size before gc: 11531120 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12415852 duration: 1.702 speed: 7.29486e+06 garbage collected: 10106108 speed: 5.93778e+06 heap limit: 11712848 size before gc: 12415852 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12379844 duration: 2.981 speed: 4.15292e+06 garbage collected: 10019152 speed: 3.361e+06 heap limit: 11763796 size before gc: 12379844 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12533604 duration: 1.007 speed: 1.24465e+07 garbage collected: 10692304 speed: 1.0618e+07 heap limit: 11244404 size before gc: 12533604 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11813876 duration: 2.235 speed: 5.28585e+06 garbage collected: 9213920 speed: 4.12256e+06 heap limit: 12003060 size before gc: 11813876 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12752660 duration: 1.734 speed: 7.35448e+06 garbage collected: 10950384 speed: 6.3151e+06 heap limit: 11205380 size before gc: 12752660 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11717964 duration: 2.141 speed: 5.47313e+06 garbage collected: 9809168 speed: 4.58158e+06 heap limit: 11311900 size before gc: 11717964 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11729396 duration: 2.21 speed: 5.30742e+06 garbage collected: 9527088 speed: 4.3109e+06 heap limit: 11605412 size before gc: 11729396 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12281124 duration: 1.08 speed: 1.13714e+07 garbage collected: 10460596 speed: 9.68574e+06 heap limit: 11223632 size before gc: 12281124 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11604476 duration: 2.079 speed: 5.58176e+06 garbage collected: 9121980 speed: 4.38768e+06 heap limit: 11885600 size before gc: 11604476 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12449356 duration: 1.846 speed: 6.74396e+06 garbage collected: 10011988 speed: 5.42361e+06 heap limit: 11840472 size before gc: 12449356 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12530204 duration: 1.032 speed: 1.21417e+07 garbage collected: 10688028 speed: 1.03566e+07 heap limit: 11245280 size before gc: 12530204 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11832024 duration: 2.687 speed: 4.40343e+06 garbage collected: 9362236 speed: 3.48427e+06 heap limit: 11872892 size before gc: 11832024 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12518984 duration: 1.009 speed: 1.24073e+07 garbage collected: 10760504 speed: 1.06645e+07 heap limit: 11161584 size before gc: 12518984 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11748548 duration: 1.914 speed: 6.13822e+06 garbage collected: 9143420 speed: 4.77713e+06 heap limit: 12008232 size before gc: 11748548 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12825244 duration: 2.243 speed: 5.7179e+06 garbage collected: 10245816 speed: 4.56791e+06 heap limit: 11982532 size before gc: 12825244 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12600524 duration: 2.48 speed: 5.08086e+06 garbage collected: 10021096 speed: 4.04076e+06 heap limit: 11982532 size before gc: 12600524 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12756460 duration: 1.274 speed: 1.00129e+07 garbage collected: 10858972 speed: 8.52353e+06 heap limit: 11300592 size before gc: 12756460 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12127652 duration: 1.774 speed: 6.83633e+06 garbage collected: 9812784 speed: 5.53145e+06 heap limit: 11717972 size before gc: 12127652 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12320516 duration: 2.126 speed: 5.79516e+06 garbage collected: 9892784 speed: 4.65324e+06 heap limit: 11830836 size before gc: 12320516 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12474324 duration: 3.924 speed: 3.17898e+06 garbage collected: 9964588 speed: 2.5394e+06 heap limit: 11912840 size before gc: 12474324 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12481812 duration: 1.072 speed: 1.16435e+07 garbage collected: 10730488 speed: 1.00098e+07 heap limit: 11154428 size before gc: 12481812 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11511864 duration: 1.819 speed: 6.32868e+06 garbage collected: 9030208 speed: 4.96438e+06 heap limit: 11884760 size before gc: 11511864 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12493488 duration: 1.381 speed: 9.0467e+06 garbage collected: 10891148 speed: 7.88642e+06 heap limit: 11005444 size before gc: 12493488 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11416548 duration: 1.377 speed: 8.29088e+06 garbage collected: 9483032 speed: 6.88673e+06 heap limit: 11336620 size before gc: 11416548 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11973780 duration: 1.657 speed: 7.22618e+06 garbage collected: 9834864 speed: 5.93534e+06 heap limit: 11542020 size before gc: 11973780 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12260792 duration: 2.105 speed: 5.8246e+06 garbage collected: 9818148 speed: 4.6642e+06 heap limit: 11845748 size before gc: 12260792 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12254200 duration: 1.946 speed: 6.29712e+06 garbage collected: 9766336 speed: 5.01867e+06 heap limit: 11890968 size before gc: 12254200 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12613296 duration: 2.219 speed: 5.68423e+06 garbage collected: 10034232 speed: 4.52196e+06 heap limit: 11982168 size before gc: 12613296 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12544740 duration: 2.042 speed: 6.14336e+06 garbage collected: 10031596 speed: 4.91263e+06 heap limit: 11916248 size before gc: 12544740 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12497188 duration: 0.928 speed: 1.34668e+07 garbage collected: 10708184 speed: 1.1539e+07 heap limit: 11192108 size before gc: 12497188 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11646560 duration: 2.787 speed: 4.17889e+06 garbage collected: 9101016 speed: 3.26552e+06 heap limit: 11948648 size before gc: 11646560 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12745772 duration: 1.386 speed: 9.19608e+06 garbage collected: 10940788 speed: 7.89379e+06 heap limit: 11208088 size before gc: 12745772 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11862084 duration: 2.168 speed: 5.47144e+06 garbage collected: 9616580 speed: 4.43569e+06 heap limit: 11648608 size before gc: 11862084 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12247432 duration: 1.365 speed: 8.97248e+06 garbage collected: 10530028 speed: 7.71431e+06 heap limit: 11120508 size before gc: 12247432 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11786224 duration: 1.421 speed: 8.29432e+06 garbage collected: 9988700 speed: 7.02935e+06 heap limit: 11200628 size before gc: 11786224 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11833832 duration: 1.97 speed: 6.00702e+06 garbage collected: 9918628 speed: 5.03484e+06 heap limit: 11318308 size before gc: 11833832 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11732296 duration: 1.514 speed: 7.7492e+06 garbage collected: 9796192 speed: 6.4704e+06 heap limit: 11339208 size before gc: 11732296 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12079072 duration: 2.131 speed: 5.66826e+06 garbage collected: 9552088 speed: 4.48244e+06 heap limit: 11930088 size before gc: 12079072 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12618288 duration: 0.925 speed: 1.36414e+07 garbage collected: 10844464 speed: 1.17237e+07 heap limit: 11176928 size before gc: 12618288 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11866968 duration: 1.295 speed: 9.16368e+06 garbage collected: 10066564 speed: 7.77341e+06 heap limit: 11203508 size before gc: 11866968 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11875156 duration: 2.015 speed: 5.89338e+06 garbage collected: 9845712 speed: 4.88621e+06 heap limit: 11432548 size before gc: 11875156 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12025540 duration: 1.65 speed: 7.28821e+06 garbage collected: 9725816 speed: 5.89443e+06 heap limit: 11702828 size before gc: 12025540 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12446244 duration: 1.202 speed: 1.03546e+07 garbage collected: 10664092 speed: 8.87196e+06 heap limit: 11185256 size before gc: 12446244 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11791048 duration: 1.898 speed: 6.21235e+06 garbage collected: 9191324 speed: 4.84264e+06 heap limit: 12002828 size before gc: 11791048 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12787836 duration: 1.393 speed: 9.18007e+06 garbage collected: 10884372 speed: 7.81362e+06 heap limit: 11306568 size before gc: 12787836 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12000228 duration: 2.046 speed: 5.86521e+06 garbage collected: 9830804 speed: 4.80489e+06 heap limit: 11572528 size before gc: 12000228 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12166964 duration: 2.008 speed: 6.05925e+06 garbage collected: 9951460 speed: 4.95591e+06 heap limit: 11618608 size before gc: 12166964 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12346184 duration: 2.107 speed: 5.8596e+06 garbage collected: 9767040 speed: 4.63552e+06 heap limit: 11982248 size before gc: 12346184 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12754384 duration: 1.268 speed: 1.00587e+07 garbage collected: 10855260 speed: 8.56093e+06 heap limit: 11302228 size before gc: 12754384 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11913076 duration: 2.274 speed: 5.23882e+06 garbage collected: 9862672 speed: 4.33715e+06 heap limit: 11453508 size before gc: 11913076 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12235920 duration: 2.083 speed: 5.87418e+06 garbage collected: 9838608 speed: 4.72329e+06 heap limit: 11800416 size before gc: 12235920 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12296212 duration: 1.807 speed: 6.80477e+06 garbage collected: 9807048 speed: 5.42725e+06 heap limit: 11892268 size before gc: 12296212 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12465416 duration: 2.304 speed: 5.41034e+06 garbage collected: 9881972 speed: 4.28905e+06 heap limit: 11986548 size before gc: 12465416 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12543064 duration: 3.03 speed: 4.13963e+06 garbage collected: 10222620 speed: 3.3738e+06 heap limit: 11723548 size before gc: 12543064 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12314308 duration: 1.375 speed: 8.95586e+06 garbage collected: 10676484 speed: 7.76472e+06 heap limit: 11040928 size before gc: 12314308 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11518000 duration: 1.591 speed: 7.23947e+06 garbage collected: 9645316 speed: 6.06242e+06 heap limit: 11275788 size before gc: 11518000 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11975440 duration: 2.244 speed: 5.33665e+06 garbage collected: 9985404 speed: 4.44982e+06 heap limit: 11393140 size before gc: 11975440 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11927960 duration: 1.723 speed: 6.92279e+06 garbage collected: 9658516 speed: 5.60564e+06 heap limit: 11672548 size before gc: 11927960 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12314940 duration: 1.918 speed: 6.42072e+06 garbage collected: 9711216 speed: 5.0632e+06 heap limit: 12006828 size before gc: 12314940 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12550508 duration: 3.092 speed: 4.05903e+06 garbage collected: 10034464 speed: 3.2453e+06 heap limit: 11919148 size before gc: 12550508 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12585748 duration: 2.345 speed: 5.36706e+06 garbage collected: 10007204 speed: 4.26746e+06 heap limit: 11981648 size before gc: 12585748 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12590188 duration: 1.977 speed: 6.36833e+06 garbage collected: 10212344 speed: 5.16558e+06 heap limit: 11780948 size before gc: 12590188 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12365800 duration: 1.903 speed: 6.49806e+06 garbage collected: 9777276 speed: 5.13782e+06 heap limit: 11991628 size before gc: 12365800 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12585028 duration: 4.329 speed: 2.90714e+06 garbage collected: 10064364 speed: 2.32487e+06 heap limit: 11923768 size before gc: 12585028 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12683304 duration: 1.504 speed: 8.43305e+06 garbage collected: 10942540 speed: 7.27562e+06 heap limit: 11143868 size before gc: 12683304 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11731912 duration: 1.528 speed: 7.67795e+06 garbage collected: 9660408 speed: 6.32226e+06 heap limit: 11474608 size before gc: 11731912 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12085432 duration: 1.767 speed: 6.83952e+06 garbage collected: 10008668 speed: 5.66422e+06 heap limit: 11479868 size before gc: 12085432 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11903568 duration: 1.913 speed: 6.22246e+06 garbage collected: 9722164 speed: 5.08216e+06 heap limit: 11584508 size before gc: 11903568 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12147792 duration: 1.781 speed: 6.82077e+06 garbage collected: 9931228 speed: 5.57621e+06 heap limit: 11619668 size before gc: 12147792 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12127944 duration: 1.886 speed: 6.43051e+06 garbage collected: 9728620 speed: 5.15834e+06 heap limit: 11802428 size before gc: 12127944 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12473864 duration: 1.993 speed: 6.25884e+06 garbage collected: 10720300 speed: 5.37898e+06 heap limit: 11156668 size before gc: 12473864 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11757464 duration: 1.257 speed: 9.35359e+06 garbage collected: 9941980 speed: 7.90929e+06 heap limit: 11218588 size before gc: 11757464 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11836840 duration: 1.457 speed: 8.12412e+06 garbage collected: 10036600 speed: 6.88854e+06 heap limit: 11203344 size before gc: 11836840 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11842756 duration: 1.388 speed: 8.53224e+06 garbage collected: 9880776 speed: 7.11871e+06 heap limit: 11365084 size before gc: 11842756 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12026156 duration: 1.95 speed: 6.16726e+06 garbage collected: 9690796 speed: 4.96964e+06 heap limit: 11738464 size before gc: 12026156 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12348512 duration: 3.435 speed: 3.59491e+06 garbage collected: 9745272 speed: 2.83705e+06 heap limit: 12006344 size before gc: 12348512 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12647344 duration: 2.105 speed: 6.00824e+06 garbage collected: 10119344 speed: 4.80729e+06 heap limit: 11931104 size before gc: 12647344 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12566488 duration: 2.099 speed: 5.98689e+06 garbage collected: 10039248 speed: 4.78287e+06 heap limit: 11930344 size before gc: 12566488 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12545720 duration: 1.835 speed: 6.8369e+06 garbage collected: 10077320 speed: 5.49173e+06 heap limit: 11871504 size before gc: 12545720 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12512476 duration: 2.141 speed: 5.84422e+06 garbage collected: 9929756 speed: 4.63791e+06 heap limit: 11985824 size before gc: 12512476 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12630344 duration: 2.031 speed: 6.21878e+06 garbage collected: 10230864 speed: 5.03735e+06 heap limit: 11802584 size before gc: 12630344 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12590000 duration: 0.922 speed: 1.36551e+07 garbage collected: 10770824 speed: 1.1682e+07 heap limit: 11222280 size before gc: 12590000 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11802344 duration: 2.175 speed: 5.42636e+06 garbage collected: 9317204 speed: 4.28377e+06 heap limit: 11888244 size before gc: 11802344 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12550912 duration: 3.159 speed: 3.97306e+06 garbage collected: 10026832 speed: 3.17405e+06 heap limit: 11927184 size before gc: 12550912 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12686136 duration: 2.2 speed: 5.76643e+06 garbage collected: 10106496 speed: 4.59386e+06 heap limit: 11982744 size before gc: 12686136 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12637468 duration: 2.095 speed: 6.0322e+06 garbage collected: 10264848 speed: 4.89969e+06 heap limit: 11775724 size before gc: 12637468 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12499328 duration: 2.386 speed: 5.23861e+06 garbage collected: 9914048 speed: 4.15509e+06 heap limit: 11988384 size before gc: 12499328 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12696844 duration: 3.387 speed: 3.7487e+06 garbage collected: 10301364 speed: 3.04144e+06 heap limit: 11798584 size before gc: 12696844 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12402312 duration: 2.56 speed: 4.84465e+06 garbage collected: 10028248 speed: 3.91728e+06 heap limit: 11777168 size before gc: 12402312 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12442884 duration: 2.21 speed: 5.63026e+06 garbage collected: 9862564 speed: 4.4627e+06 heap limit: 11983424 size before gc: 12442884 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12645464 duration: 2.079 speed: 6.08247e+06 garbage collected: 10121704 speed: 4.86854e+06 heap limit: 11926864 size before gc: 12645464 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12610464 duration: 1.799 speed: 7.00971e+06 garbage collected: 10249324 speed: 5.69723e+06 heap limit: 11764244 size before gc: 12610464 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12588884 duration: 1.482 speed: 8.49452e+06 garbage collected: 10630144 speed: 7.17284e+06 heap limit: 11361844 size before gc: 12588884 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12015244 duration: 2.802 speed: 4.2881e+06 garbage collected: 9701256 speed: 3.46226e+06 heap limit: 11717092 size before gc: 12015244 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12358656 duration: 1.492 speed: 8.28328e+06 garbage collected: 10100396 speed: 6.7697e+06 heap limit: 11661364 size before gc: 12358656 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12412076 duration: 1.96 speed: 6.33269e+06 garbage collected: 10090276 speed: 5.1481e+06 heap limit: 11724904 size before gc: 12412076 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12309236 duration: 1.669 speed: 7.37522e+06 garbage collected: 9996356 speed: 5.98943e+06 heap limit: 11715984 size before gc: 12309236 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12479844 duration: 3.179 speed: 3.92571e+06 garbage collected: 10108384 speed: 3.17974e+06 heap limit: 11774564 size before gc: 12479844 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12314120 duration: 2.454 speed: 5.01798e+06 garbage collected: 9996300 speed: 4.07347e+06 heap limit: 11720924 size before gc: 12314120 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12148808 duration: 1.199 speed: 1.01325e+07 garbage collected: 10429872 speed: 8.69881e+06 heap limit: 11122040 size before gc: 12148808 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11791716 duration: 2.419 speed: 4.87462e+06 garbage collected: 9143920 speed: 3.78004e+06 heap limit: 12050900 size before gc: 11791716 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12565280 duration: 2.944 speed: 4.2681e+06 garbage collected: 10102956 speed: 3.43171e+06 heap limit: 11865428 size before gc: 12565280 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12440856 duration: 1.122 speed: 1.10881e+07 garbage collected: 10696648 speed: 9.53355e+06 heap limit: 11147312 size before gc: 12440856 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11649172 duration: 1.908 speed: 6.10544e+06 garbage collected: 9137628 speed: 4.78911e+06 heap limit: 11914648 size before gc: 11649172 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12553776 duration: 1.92 speed: 6.53842e+06 garbage collected: 9941172 speed: 5.17769e+06 heap limit: 12015708 size before gc: 12553776 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12784440 duration: 3.334 speed: 3.83457e+06 garbage collected: 10174856 speed: 3.05185e+06 heap limit: 12012688 size before gc: 12784440 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12848336 duration: 2.308 speed: 5.56687e+06 garbage collected: 10146048 speed: 4.39603e+06 heap limit: 12105392 size before gc: 12848336 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12852984 duration: 2.076 speed: 6.19123e+06 garbage collected: 10152568 speed: 4.89045e+06 heap limit: 12103520 size before gc: 12852984 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12927320 duration: 2.066 speed: 6.25717e+06 garbage collected: 10938644 speed: 5.2946e+06 heap limit: 11391780 size before gc: 12927320 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11877440 duration: 1.225 speed: 9.69587e+06 garbage collected: 9903232 speed: 8.08427e+06 heap limit: 11377312 size before gc: 11877440 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12160868 duration: 1.62 speed: 7.50671e+06 garbage collected: 10024600 speed: 6.18802e+06 heap limit: 11539372 size before gc: 12160868 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11895448 duration: 1.444 speed: 8.23785e+06 garbage collected: 9918700 speed: 6.86891e+06 heap limit: 11379852 size before gc: 11895448 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12113872 duration: 2.524 speed: 4.79947e+06 garbage collected: 9819992 speed: 3.89065e+06 heap limit: 11696984 size before gc: 12113872 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12071344 duration: 2.906 speed: 4.15394e+06 garbage collected: 9815456 speed: 3.37765e+06 heap limit: 11658992 size before gc: 12071344 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12319620 duration: 1.97 speed: 6.25361e+06 garbage collected: 9955800 speed: 5.05371e+06 heap limit: 11766924 size before gc: 12319620 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12422288 duration: 2.973 speed: 4.17837e+06 garbage collected: 10008260 speed: 3.36638e+06 heap limit: 11817132 size before gc: 12422288 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12562636 duration: 2.402 speed: 5.23007e+06 garbage collected: 9928484 speed: 4.13342e+06 heap limit: 12037256 size before gc: 12562636 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12672384 duration: 2.169 speed: 5.8425e+06 garbage collected: 10045104 speed: 4.63121e+06 heap limit: 12030384 size before gc: 12672384 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12782024 duration: 2.229 speed: 5.73442e+06 garbage collected: 10156504 speed: 4.55653e+06 heap limit: 12028624 size before gc: 12782024 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12734096 duration: 2.245 speed: 5.6722e+06 garbage collected: 10109296 speed: 4.50303e+06 heap limit: 12027904 size before gc: 12734096 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12512176 duration: 1.731 speed: 7.22829e+06 garbage collected: 10188068 speed: 5.88565e+06 heap limit: 11727212 size before gc: 12512176 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12365224 duration: 2.408 speed: 5.13506e+06 garbage collected: 9873316 speed: 4.10021e+06 heap limit: 11895012 size before gc: 12365224 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12559892 duration: 2.663 speed: 4.71644e+06 garbage collected: 9993684 speed: 3.75279e+06 heap limit: 11969312 size before gc: 12559892 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12651672 duration: 2.097 speed: 6.03322e+06 garbage collected: 10086184 speed: 4.80982e+06 heap limit: 11968592 size before gc: 12651672 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12709380 duration: 1.231 speed: 1.03244e+07 garbage collected: 10913260 speed: 8.86536e+06 heap limit: 11199224 size before gc: 12709380 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12042048 duration: 1.825 speed: 6.59838e+06 garbage collected: 10085980 speed: 5.52656e+06 heap limit: 11359172 size before gc: 12042048 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12102336 duration: 2.081 speed: 5.81563e+06 garbage collected: 10031508 speed: 4.82052e+06 heap limit: 11473932 size before gc: 12102336 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12102736 duration: 2.456 speed: 4.92782e+06 garbage collected: 9890688 speed: 4.02715e+06 heap limit: 11615152 size before gc: 12102736 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12313080 duration: 0.925 speed: 1.33114e+07 garbage collected: 10470332 speed: 1.13193e+07 heap limit: 11245852 size before gc: 12313080 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11762312 duration: 2.245 speed: 5.23934e+06 garbage collected: 9114072 speed: 4.05972e+06 heap limit: 12051344 size before gc: 11762312 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12811876 duration: 1.961 speed: 6.53334e+06 garbage collected: 10181416 speed: 5.19195e+06 heap limit: 12033564 size before gc: 12811876 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12686180 duration: 1.878 speed: 6.75515e+06 garbage collected: 10069780 speed: 5.36197e+06 heap limit: 12019504 size before gc: 12686180 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12777572 duration: 2.41 speed: 5.3019e+06 garbage collected: 10159232 speed: 4.21545e+06 heap limit: 12021444 size before gc: 12777572 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12626832 duration: 1.699 speed: 7.43192e+06 garbage collected: 10055312 speed: 5.91837e+06 heap limit: 11974624 size before gc: 12626832 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12545644 duration: 3.584 speed: 3.50046e+06 garbage collected: 9987364 speed: 2.78665e+06 heap limit: 11961384 size before gc: 12545644 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12729652 duration: 1.944 speed: 6.54817e+06 garbage collected: 10098612 speed: 5.19476e+06 heap limit: 12034144 size before gc: 12729652 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12748180 duration: 2.13 speed: 5.98506e+06 garbage collected: 10185120 speed: 4.78175e+06 heap limit: 11966164 size before gc: 12748180 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12737960 duration: 2.245 speed: 5.67392e+06 garbage collected: 10112800 speed: 4.50459e+06 heap limit: 12028264 size before gc: 12737960 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12832436 duration: 3.344 speed: 3.83745e+06 garbage collected: 9975384 speed: 2.98307e+06 heap limit: 12260156 size before gc: 12832436 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12955984 duration: 2.339 speed: 5.53911e+06 garbage collected: 10329472 speed: 4.41619e+06 heap limit: 12029616 size before gc: 12955984 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12796768 duration: 1.934 speed: 6.61674e+06 garbage collected: 10168316 speed: 5.25766e+06 heap limit: 12031556 size before gc: 12796768 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12632236 duration: 3.071 speed: 4.1134e+06 garbage collected: 10125916 speed: 3.29727e+06 heap limit: 11909424 size before gc: 12632236 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12515436 duration: 1.709 speed: 7.32325e+06 garbage collected: 9946596 speed: 5.82013e+06 heap limit: 11971944 size before gc: 12515436 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12441804 duration: 1.751 speed: 7.10554e+06 garbage collected: 9959552 speed: 5.68792e+06 heap limit: 11885356 size before gc: 12441804 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12536948 duration: 2.148 speed: 5.83657e+06 garbage collected: 9969336 speed: 4.64122e+06 heap limit: 11970716 size before gc: 12536948 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12633132 duration: 1.133 speed: 1.11502e+07 garbage collected: 10844136 speed: 9.57117e+06 heap limit: 11192100 size before gc: 12633132 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11965816 duration: 2.365 speed: 5.05954e+06 garbage collected: 10004904 speed: 4.2304e+06 heap limit: 11364016 size before gc: 11965816 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12032616 duration: 2.079 speed: 5.78769e+06 garbage collected: 9949604 speed: 4.78576e+06 heap limit: 11486116 size before gc: 12032616 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12191480 duration: 1.915 speed: 6.36631e+06 garbage collected: 9896720 speed: 5.168e+06 heap limit: 11697864 size before gc: 12191480 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12294456 duration: 1.83 speed: 6.71828e+06 garbage collected: 10057076 speed: 5.49567e+06 heap limit: 11640484 size before gc: 12294456 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12249804 duration: 1.762 speed: 6.95222e+06 garbage collected: 9810804 speed: 5.56799e+06 heap limit: 11842104 size before gc: 12249804 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 12566608 duration: 1.053 speed: 1.19341e+07 garbage collected: 10728652 speed: 1.01887e+07 heap limit: 11241060 size before gc: 12566608 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11888928 duration: 1.519 speed: 7.82681e+06 garbage collected: 10049008 speed: 6.61554e+06 heap limit: 11243024 size before gc: 11888928 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11897216 duration: 2.197 speed: 5.41521e+06 garbage collected: 9765096 speed: 4.44474e+06 heap limit: 11535224 size before gc: 11897216 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
835190_139770181243656 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: earley-boyer.js size: 11901124 duration: 1.545 speed: 7.70299e+06 garbage collected: 9927864 speed: 6.4258e+06 heap limit: 11376364 size before gc: 11901124 guid: 835190_139770181243656
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
inside timer stop
calling join
inside timer stop
calling join
