5
--benchmark=box2d.js
--heap-size=10000000000
--log-path=log/2023-04-25-00-36-17/2023-04-25-00-36-17/2023-04-25-00-36-17/2023-04-25-00-36-36/v8_log
Running Benchmark: box2d.js
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 11653900 duration: 0.766 speed: 1.5214e+07 garbage collected: 8976856 speed: 1.17191e+07 heap limit: 11166644 size before gc: 11653900 guid: 833740_140564481757960
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 11733980 duration: 1.015 speed: 1.15606e+07 garbage collected: 8660000 speed: 8.53202e+06 heap limit: 11166644 size before gc: 11733980 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0308426 gc_rate: 11.0136, g_bytes: 580006, g_time: 1.88054e+07, s_bytes: 5.58939e+06, s_time: 507500 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.17113 New_limit: 4.38611 L: 3.07398 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8962360 duration: 0.793 speed: 1.13018e+07 garbage collected: 5859944 speed: 7.38959e+06 heap limit: 5171132 size before gc: 8962360 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0371699 gc_rate: 10.7804, g_bytes: 845425, g_time: 2.27449e+07, s_bytes: 7.00998e+06, s_time: 650250 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.19957 New_limit: 4.56507 L: 3.10242 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8889360 duration: 0.794 speed: 1.11957e+07 garbage collected: 6079212 speed: 7.65644e+06 heap limit: 5199568 size before gc: 8889360 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0412645 gc_rate: 10.7944, g_bytes: 1.0925e+06, g_time: 2.64756e+07, s_bytes: 7.79489e+06, s_time: 722125 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.9073 New_limit: 4.27593 L: 2.81015 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8927464 duration: 1.068 speed: 8.35905e+06 garbage collected: 6100600 speed: 5.71217e+06 heap limit: 4907300 size before gc: 8927464 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0445802 gc_rate: 9.0428, g_bytes: 1.34374e+06, g_time: 3.01421e+07, s_bytes: 8.09387e+06, s_time: 895063 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.92402 New_limit: 4.49637 L: 2.82686 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0453154 gc_rate: 9.0428, g_bytes: 1.40763e+06, g_time: 3.10629e+07, s_bytes: 8.09387e+06, s_time: 895063 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.92402 New_limit: 4.51008 L: 2.82686 Additional Memory: 1

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8881420 duration: 1.025 speed: 8.6648e+06 garbage collected: 6118540 speed: 5.96931e+06 heap limit: 4924016 size before gc: 8881420 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0475917 gc_rate: 8.58545, g_bytes: 1.63997e+06, g_time: 3.44592e+07, s_bytes: 8.2423e+06, s_time: 960031 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.86003 New_limit: 4.51305 L: 2.76288 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8931172 duration: 0.931 speed: 9.5931e+06 garbage collected: 6033708 speed: 6.48089e+06 heap limit: 4860032 size before gc: 8931172 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0493727 gc_rate: 8.92203, g_bytes: 1.86639e+06, g_time: 3.78021e+07, s_bytes: 8.43592e+06, s_time: 945516 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.99462 New_limit: 4.68821 L: 2.89746 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8795904 duration: 0.462 speed: 1.90388e+07 garbage collected: 6048552 speed: 1.30921e+07 heap limit: 4994616 size before gc: 8795904 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.050649 gc_rate: 12.1206, g_bytes: 2.06799e+06, g_time: 4.08299e+07, s_bytes: 8.53e+06, s_time: 703758 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.8445 New_limit: 4.26264 L: 2.74735 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8900492 duration: 0.84 speed: 1.05958e+07 garbage collected: 6119428 speed: 7.28503e+06 heap limit: 4844504 size before gc: 8900492 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0517557 gc_rate: 11.1276, g_bytes: 2.27225e+06, g_time: 4.39034e+07, s_bytes: 8.58915e+06, s_time: 771879 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.87822 New_limit: 4.38948 L: 2.78106 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 9086440 duration: 1.271 speed: 7.14905e+06 garbage collected: 6031240 speed: 4.74527e+06 heap limit: 4878216 size before gc: 9086440 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0527833 gc_rate: 8.43966, g_bytes: 2.4739e+06, g_time: 4.6869e+07, s_bytes: 8.6206e+06, s_time: 1.02144e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.15235 New_limit: 5.01008 L: 3.0552 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0526376 gc_rate: 8.43966, g_bytes: 2.44881e+06, g_time: 4.65221e+07, s_bytes: 8.6206e+06, s_time: 1.02144e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.15235 New_limit: 5.00738 L: 3.0552 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8832784 duration: 0.85 speed: 1.03915e+07 garbage collected: 6039072 speed: 7.10479e+06 heap limit: 5152352 size before gc: 8832784 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.053228 gc_rate: 9.15636, g_bytes: 2.61525e+06, g_time: 4.9133e+07, s_bytes: 8.56778e+06, s_time: 935720 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.89086 New_limit: 4.59596 L: 2.79371 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8955948 duration: 0.796 speed: 1.12512e+07 garbage collected: 5982720 speed: 7.51598e+06 heap limit: 4890864 size before gc: 8955948 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0538579 gc_rate: 9.94582, g_bytes: 2.7926e+06, g_time: 5.18513e+07, s_bytes: 8.61169e+06, s_time: 865860 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.07038 New_limit: 4.76769 L: 2.97323 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8982084 duration: 0.818 speed: 1.09805e+07 garbage collected: 5985352 speed: 7.31706e+06 heap limit: 5070380 size before gc: 8982084 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0543695 gc_rate: 10.2304, g_bytes: 2.95341e+06, g_time: 5.43212e+07, s_bytes: 8.61325e+06, s_time: 841930 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.09388 New_limit: 4.78146 L: 2.99673 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8970348 duration: 0.778 speed: 1.153e+07 garbage collected: 5966064 speed: 7.66846e+06 heap limit: 5093884 size before gc: 8970348 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0547881 gc_rate: 10.6473, g_bytes: 3.10443e+06, g_time: 5.66624e+07, s_bytes: 8.62393e+06, s_time: 809965 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.10144 New_limit: 4.76265 L: 3.00428 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8870428 duration: 0.796 speed: 1.11438e+07 garbage collected: 5945200 speed: 7.46884e+06 heap limit: 5101436 size before gc: 8870428 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0550917 gc_rate: 10.7269, g_bytes: 3.24251e+06, g_time: 5.88566e+07, s_bytes: 8.61349e+06, s_time: 802982 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.02238 New_limit: 4.65864 L: 2.92523 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0548782 gc_rate: 10.7269, g_bytes: 3.15295e+06, g_time: 5.74537e+07, s_bytes: 8.61349e+06, s_time: 802982 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.02238 New_limit: 4.65528 L: 2.92523 Additional Memory: 1

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8771656 duration: 0.655 speed: 1.33918e+07 garbage collected: 5987680 speed: 9.1415e+06 heap limit: 5022380 size before gc: 8771656 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0551532 gc_rate: 11.8112, g_bytes: 3.28763e+06, g_time: 5.9609e+07, s_bytes: 8.61026e+06, s_time: 728991 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.88113 New_limit: 4.39642 L: 2.78398 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8776068 duration: 0.659 speed: 1.33172e+07 garbage collected: 6022112 speed: 9.13826e+06 heap limit: 4881128 size before gc: 8776068 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0555469 gc_rate: 12.408, g_bytes: 3.42285e+06, g_time: 6.16208e+07, s_bytes: 8.61112e+06, s_time: 693996 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.85111 New_limit: 4.32422 L: 2.75396 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8913756 duration: 0.756 speed: 1.17907e+07 garbage collected: 5951332 speed: 7.87213e+06 heap limit: 4851108 size before gc: 8913756 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0559269 gc_rate: 11.881, g_bytes: 3.5597e+06, g_time: 6.36491e+07, s_bytes: 8.61373e+06, s_time: 724998 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.05958 New_limit: 4.63244 L: 2.96242 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8896072 duration: 0.668 speed: 1.33175e+07 garbage collected: 5941596 speed: 8.8946e+06 heap limit: 5059576 size before gc: 8896072 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0561994 gc_rate: 12.3544, g_bytes: 3.67839e+06, g_time: 6.54526e+07, s_bytes: 8.60481e+06, s_time: 696499 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.05163 New_limit: 4.59397 L: 2.95448 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8788584 duration: 0.582 speed: 1.51007e+07 garbage collected: 5999948 speed: 1.03092e+07 heap limit: 5051628 size before gc: 8788584 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0563648 gc_rate: 13.4717, g_bytes: 3.78618e+06, g_time: 6.71728e+07, s_bytes: 8.61179e+06, s_time: 639249 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.88579 New_limit: 4.31621 L: 2.78864 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0562385 gc_rate: 13.4717, g_bytes: 3.66024e+06, g_time: 6.50843e+07, s_bytes: 8.61179e+06, s_time: 639249 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.88579 New_limit: 4.3145 L: 2.78864 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8795256 duration: 0.478 speed: 1.84001e+07 garbage collected: 6037772 speed: 1.26313e+07 heap limit: 4885788 size before gc: 8795256 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0565722 gc_rate: 15.4332, g_bytes: 3.77756e+06, g_time: 6.67742e+07, s_bytes: 8.62138e+06, s_time: 558625 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.85464 New_limit: 4.1793 L: 2.75748 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 9025140 duration: 0.953 speed: 9.47024e+06 garbage collected: 5963876 speed: 6.258e+06 heap limit: 4854636 size before gc: 9025140 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0569513 gc_rate: 11.4108, g_bytes: 3.90206e+06, g_time: 6.85158e+07, s_bytes: 8.62442e+06, s_time: 755812 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.15842 New_limit: 4.80933 L: 3.06126 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 9016020 duration: 0.961 speed: 9.38191e+06 garbage collected: 5954684 speed: 6.19634e+06 heap limit: 5158416 size before gc: 9016020 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0571088 gc_rate: 10.04, g_bytes: 4.0047e+06, g_time: 7.0124e+07, s_bytes: 8.61844e+06, s_time: 858406 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.15849 New_limit: 4.92752 L: 3.06134 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8952140 duration: 0.776 speed: 1.15363e+07 garbage collected: 6105780 speed: 7.86827e+06 heap limit: 5158488 size before gc: 8952140 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0573268 gc_rate: 10.4541, g_bytes: 4.099e+06, g_time: 7.15024e+07, s_bytes: 8.54313e+06, s_time: 817203 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.94351 New_limit: 4.61319 L: 2.84636 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8931132 duration: 0.763 speed: 1.17053e+07 garbage collected: 6132616 speed: 8.0375e+06 heap limit: 4943512 size before gc: 8931132 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0576365 gc_rate: 10.8601, g_bytes: 4.19829e+06, g_time: 7.28408e+07, s_bytes: 8.58056e+06, s_time: 790102 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.89567 New_limit: 4.52202 L: 2.79852 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0575572 gc_rate: 10.8601, g_bytes: 4.05322e+06, g_time: 7.04208e+07, s_bytes: 8.58056e+06, s_time: 790102 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.89567 New_limit: 4.52083 L: 2.79852 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8886852 duration: 0.978 speed: 9.08676e+06 garbage collected: 6078004 speed: 6.21473e+06 heap limit: 4895668 size before gc: 8886852 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0578476 gc_rate: 9.60261, g_bytes: 4.15498e+06, g_time: 7.18262e+07, s_bytes: 8.48919e+06, s_time: 884051 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.906 New_limit: 4.64846 L: 2.80885 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8654328 duration: 0.601 speed: 1.43999e+07 garbage collected: 5710744 speed: 9.50207e+06 heap limit: 4906000 size before gc: 8654328 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.05804 gc_rate: 11.3702, g_bytes: 4.2395e+06, g_time: 7.30445e+07, s_bytes: 8.44263e+06, s_time: 742525 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.04074 New_limit: 4.67712 L: 2.94358 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8824472 duration: 0.548 speed: 1.61031e+07 garbage collected: 5997940 speed: 1.09451e+07 heap limit: 5040736 size before gc: 8824472 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0581646 gc_rate: 13.2473, g_bytes: 4.32157e+06, g_time: 7.4299e+07, s_bytes: 8.54796e+06, s_time: 645263 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.92368 New_limit: 4.402 L: 2.82653 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8869140 duration: 0.513 speed: 1.72888e+07 garbage collected: 6059224 speed: 1.18114e+07 heap limit: 4923684 size before gc: 8869140 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0583362 gc_rate: 14.8342, g_bytes: 4.40762e+06, g_time: 7.55556e+07, s_bytes: 8.59093e+06, s_time: 579131 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.90707 New_limit: 4.29653 L: 2.80992 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8878092 duration: 0.627 speed: 1.41596e+07 garbage collected: 6049104 speed: 9.64769e+06 heap limit: 4907068 size before gc: 8878092 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0585443 gc_rate: 14.2232, g_bytes: 4.49065e+06, g_time: 7.67052e+07, s_bytes: 8.57749e+06, s_time: 603066 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.92614 New_limit: 4.35506 L: 2.82899 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0584393 gc_rate: 14.2232, g_bytes: 4.34737e+06, g_time: 7.43913e+07, s_bytes: 8.57749e+06, s_time: 603066 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.92614 New_limit: 4.35369 L: 2.82899 Additional Memory: 1

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8930708 duration: 1.014 speed: 8.8074e+06 garbage collected: 6105140 speed: 6.02085e+06 heap limit: 4926140 size before gc: 8930708 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0586856 gc_rate: 10.503, g_bytes: 4.43509e+06, g_time: 7.55737e+07, s_bytes: 8.49203e+06, s_time: 808533 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.92272 New_limit: 4.60252 L: 2.82557 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8941268 duration: 1.103 speed: 8.10632e+06 garbage collected: 6113380 speed: 5.5425e+06 heap limit: 4922720 size before gc: 8941268 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0589126 gc_rate: 8.83504, g_bytes: 4.51912e+06, g_time: 7.6709e+07, s_bytes: 8.44424e+06, s_time: 955766 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.92504 New_limit: 4.76987 L: 2.82789 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 9055584 duration: 0.873 speed: 1.03729e+07 garbage collected: 6001088 speed: 6.8741e+06 heap limit: 4925040 size before gc: 9055584 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0589961 gc_rate: 9.36912, g_bytes: 4.60455e+06, g_time: 7.80484e+07, s_bytes: 8.56697e+06, s_time: 914383 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.15165 New_limit: 5.01581 L: 3.0545 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 9001928 duration: 0.87 speed: 1.0347e+07 garbage collected: 5952320 speed: 6.84175e+06 heap limit: 5151648 size before gc: 9001928 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0589741 gc_rate: 9.64752, g_bytes: 4.67169e+06, g_time: 7.9216e+07, s_bytes: 8.60744e+06, s_time: 892192 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.14676 New_limit: 4.98051 L: 3.04961 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 9040344 duration: 0.943 speed: 9.58679e+06 garbage collected: 5950928 speed: 6.31063e+06 heap limit: 5146760 size before gc: 9040344 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0590573 gc_rate: 9.39291, g_bytes: 4.73765e+06, g_time: 8.02212e+07, s_bytes: 8.6189e+06, s_time: 917596 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.18657 New_limit: 5.06043 L: 3.08942 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0588155 gc_rate: 9.39291, g_bytes: 4.55635e+06, g_time: 7.74685e+07, s_bytes: 8.6189e+06, s_time: 917596 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.18657 New_limit: 5.05639 L: 3.08942 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8856464 duration: 0.894 speed: 9.90656e+06 garbage collected: 6028688 speed: 6.7435e+06 heap limit: 5186568 size before gc: 8856464 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.058835 gc_rate: 9.47217, g_bytes: 4.61688e+06, g_time: 7.84716e+07, s_bytes: 8.57987e+06, s_time: 905798 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.92493 New_limit: 4.70204 L: 2.82778 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8930216 duration: 1.138 speed: 7.84729e+06 garbage collected: 6104260 speed: 5.36402e+06 heap limit: 4924928 size before gc: 8930216 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0589644 gc_rate: 8.30252, g_bytes: 4.69116e+06, g_time: 7.95591e+07, s_bytes: 8.48434e+06, s_time: 1.0219e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.92311 New_limit: 4.82945 L: 2.82596 Additional Memory: 2

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8981352 duration: 1.031 speed: 8.7113e+06 garbage collected: 6132048 speed: 5.94767e+06 heap limit: 4923108 size before gc: 8981352 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0591259 gc_rate: 8.2468, g_bytes: 4.76437e+06, g_time: 8.05801e+07, s_bytes: 8.46493e+06, s_time: 1.02645e+06 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.94646 New_limit: 4.8706 L: 2.8493 Additional Memory: 2

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8961396 duration: 0.964 speed: 9.29605e+06 garbage collected: 6134060 speed: 6.36313e+06 heap limit: 4946456 size before gc: 8961396 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0593293 gc_rate: 8.48849, g_bytes: 4.83176e+06, g_time: 8.14396e+07, s_bytes: 8.44796e+06, s_time: 995225 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.92449 New_limit: 4.81537 L: 2.82734 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 9019912 duration: 0.891 speed: 1.01234e+07 garbage collected: 5991580 speed: 6.72456e+06 heap limit: 4924488 size before gc: 9019912 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0593937 gc_rate: 9.08623, g_bytes: 4.8998e+06, g_time: 8.24969e+07, s_bytes: 8.56934e+06, s_time: 943112 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.12548 New_limit: 5.01806 L: 3.02833 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.059218 gc_rate: 9.08623, g_bytes: 4.70692e+06, g_time: 7.94846e+07, s_bytes: 8.56934e+06, s_time: 943112 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.12548 New_limit: 5.01512 L: 3.02833 Additional Memory: 1

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 9015920 duration: 0.923 speed: 9.76806e+06 garbage collected: 5952348 speed: 6.44891e+06 heap limit: 5125484 size before gc: 9015920 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0593073 gc_rate: 9.22003, g_bytes: 4.77095e+06, g_time: 8.04446e+07, s_bytes: 8.60281e+06, s_time: 933056 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.16072 New_limit: 5.04883 L: 3.06357 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 9006768 duration: 0.921 speed: 9.77934e+06 garbage collected: 5940460 speed: 6.45001e+06 heap limit: 5160724 size before gc: 9006768 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0593499 gc_rate: 9.29412, g_bytes: 4.82956e+06, g_time: 8.13744e+07, s_bytes: 8.61591e+06, s_time: 927028 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.16346 New_limit: 5.04523 L: 3.06631 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8949756 duration: 0.694 speed: 1.28959e+07 garbage collected: 6099652 speed: 8.78912e+06 heap limit: 5163460 size before gc: 8949756 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0593843 gc_rate: 10.4971, g_bytes: 4.88226e+06, g_time: 8.22147e+07, s_bytes: 8.50805e+06, s_time: 810514 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.94726 New_limit: 4.64586 L: 2.8501 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8947964 duration: 0.99 speed: 9.03835e+06 garbage collected: 6118684 speed: 6.18049e+06 heap limit: 4947256 size before gc: 8947964 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0595211 gc_rate: 9.41494, g_bytes: 4.94304e+06, g_time: 8.30468e+07, s_bytes: 8.47587e+06, s_time: 900257 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.92643 New_limit: 4.72066 L: 2.82928 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8991276 duration: 0.769 speed: 1.16922e+07 garbage collected: 5982580 speed: 7.77969e+06 heap limit: 4926432 size before gc: 8991276 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0595807 gc_rate: 10.2842, g_bytes: 5.00399e+06, g_time: 8.39867e+07, s_bytes: 8.58351e+06, s_time: 834629 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.10585 New_limit: 4.87581 L: 3.0087 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0594539 gc_rate: 10.2842, g_bytes: 4.80731e+06, g_time: 8.08578e+07, s_bytes: 8.58351e+06, s_time: 834629 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.10585 New_limit: 4.87382 L: 3.0087 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8814504 duration: 0.492 speed: 1.79157e+07 garbage collected: 6019468 speed: 1.22347e+07 heap limit: 5105848 size before gc: 8814504 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0594002 gc_rate: 12.9857, g_bytes: 4.85724e+06, g_time: 8.17715e+07, s_bytes: 8.61359e+06, s_time: 663314 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.89219 New_limit: 4.39412 L: 2.79504 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8794400 duration: 0.577 speed: 1.52416e+07 garbage collected: 6001052 speed: 1.04004e+07 heap limit: 4892188 size before gc: 8794400 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.059526 gc_rate: 13.8897, g_bytes: 4.91434e+06, g_time: 8.25579e+07, s_bytes: 8.61378e+06, s_time: 620157 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.8905 New_limit: 4.34068 L: 2.79335 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 9055088 duration: 0.935 speed: 9.68459e+06 garbage collected: 5983964 speed: 6.39996e+06 heap limit: 4890500 size before gc: 9055088 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0595975 gc_rate: 11.1053, g_bytes: 4.98171e+06, g_time: 8.35893e+07, s_bytes: 8.63524e+06, s_time: 777579 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.16828 New_limit: 4.88669 L: 3.07112 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 9151280 duration: 1.043 speed: 8.774e+06 garbage collected: 6039848 speed: 5.79084e+06 heap limit: 5168276 size before gc: 9151280 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0596254 gc_rate: 9.49125, g_bytes: 5.03664e+06, g_time: 8.44713e+07, s_bytes: 8.63979e+06, s_time: 910289 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.20858 New_limit: 5.08862 L: 3.11143 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8877912 duration: 0.87 speed: 1.02045e+07 garbage collected: 6058656 speed: 6.96397e+06 heap limit: 5208584 size before gc: 8877912 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0596312 gc_rate: 9.67044, g_bytes: 5.07313e+06, g_time: 8.50751e+07, s_bytes: 8.60809e+06, s_time: 890145 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.91641 New_limit: 4.6839 L: 2.81926 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0594959 gc_rate: 9.67044, g_bytes: 4.86806e+06, g_time: 8.18217e+07, s_bytes: 8.60809e+06, s_time: 890145 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.91641 New_limit: 4.68178 L: 2.81926 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 9051952 duration: 0.919 speed: 9.84978e+06 garbage collected: 5982088 speed: 6.50934e+06 heap limit: 4916408 size before gc: 9051952 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0596165 gc_rate: 9.55745, g_bytes: 4.93629e+06, g_time: 8.28007e+07, s_bytes: 8.64541e+06, s_time: 904572 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.16702 New_limit: 5.02684 L: 3.06986 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 9184548 duration: 1.084 speed: 8.47283e+06 garbage collected: 6062188 speed: 5.59242e+06 heap limit: 5167016 size before gc: 9184548 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.059723 gc_rate: 8.68623, g_bytes: 4.99521e+06, g_time: 8.36397e+07, s_bytes: 8.6366e+06, s_time: 994286 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.21951 New_limit: 5.19446 L: 3.12236 Additional Memory: 2

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8895040 duration: 0.65 speed: 1.36847e+07 garbage collected: 6065756 speed: 9.33193e+06 heap limit: 5219512 size before gc: 8895040 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0597505 gc_rate: 10.4962, g_bytes: 5.03408e+06, g_time: 8.42518e+07, s_bytes: 8.6294e+06, s_time: 822143 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.92644 New_limit: 4.62405 L: 2.82928 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8925620 duration: 0.648 speed: 1.37741e+07 garbage collected: 5986224 speed: 9.238e+06 heap limit: 4926436 size before gc: 8925620 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0597864 gc_rate: 11.7815, g_bytes: 5.0872e+06, g_time: 8.50895e+07, s_bytes: 8.66027e+06, s_time: 735072 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.03655 New_limit: 4.6666 L: 2.9394 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8836360 duration: 0.546 speed: 1.61838e+07 garbage collected: 6045520 speed: 1.10724e+07 heap limit: 5036548 size before gc: 8836360 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0597843 gc_rate: 13.5282, g_bytes: 5.12768e+06, g_time: 8.57698e+07, s_bytes: 8.66528e+06, s_time: 640536 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.88799 New_limit: 4.36141 L: 2.79084 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0596604 gc_rate: 13.5282, g_bytes: 4.91987e+06, g_time: 8.24645e+07, s_bytes: 8.66528e+06, s_time: 640536 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.88799 New_limit: 4.35978 L: 2.79084 Additional Memory: 1

***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8812548 duration: 0.591 speed: 1.49112e+07 garbage collected: 6010292 speed: 1.01697e+07 heap limit: 4887992 size before gc: 8812548 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0597287 gc_rate: 14.0218, g_bytes: 4.97496e+06, g_time: 8.32926e+07, s_bytes: 8.63415e+06, s_time: 615768 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.89941 New_limit: 4.34736 L: 2.80226 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8834920 duration: 0.651 speed: 1.35713e+07 garbage collected: 5980696 speed: 9.18694e+06 heap limit: 4899408 size before gc: 8834920 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0596917 gc_rate: 13.659, g_bytes: 5.02785e+06, g_time: 8.42302e+07, s_bytes: 8.65141e+06, s_time: 633384 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.95138 New_limit: 4.43367 L: 2.85422 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8808164 duration: 0.488 speed: 1.80495e+07 garbage collected: 6027488 speed: 1.23514e+07 heap limit: 4951376 size before gc: 8808164 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0597064 gc_rate: 15.419, g_bytes: 5.07415e+06, g_time: 8.4985e+07, s_bytes: 8.64532e+06, s_time: 560692 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.87783 New_limit: 4.24816 L: 2.78068 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 9014668 duration: 0.941 speed: 9.57988e+06 garbage collected: 5939596 speed: 6.312e+06 heap limit: 4877828 size before gc: 9014668 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0597649 gc_rate: 11.5125, g_bytes: 5.13214e+06, g_time: 8.58722e+07, s_bytes: 8.64408e+06, s_time: 750846 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.17222 New_limit: 4.86189 L: 3.07507 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8781752 duration: 0.672 speed: 1.30681e+07 garbage collected: 5983212 speed: 8.90359e+06 heap limit: 5172224 size before gc: 8781752 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.059739 gc_rate: 12.0238, g_bytes: 5.16087e+06, g_time: 8.63903e+07, s_bytes: 8.55399e+06, s_time: 711423 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.89569 New_limit: 4.46613 L: 2.79854 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0595212 gc_rate: 12.0238, g_bytes: 4.93571e+06, g_time: 8.29236e+07, s_bytes: 8.55399e+06, s_time: 711423 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.89569 New_limit: 4.46309 L: 2.79854 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8932952 duration: 0.696 speed: 1.28347e+07 garbage collected: 5953352 speed: 8.55367e+06 heap limit: 4895692 size before gc: 8932952 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0595552 gc_rate: 12.2349, g_bytes: 4.99564e+06, g_time: 8.38825e+07, s_bytes: 8.60985e+06, s_time: 703711 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.07675 New_limit: 4.68275 L: 2.9796 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 9001748 duration: 0.804 speed: 1.11962e+07 garbage collected: 5964396 speed: 7.4184e+06 heap limit: 5076752 size before gc: 9001748 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0596246 gc_rate: 11.4385, g_bytes: 5.04697e+06, g_time: 8.46458e+07, s_bytes: 8.623e+06, s_time: 753856 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.1345 New_limit: 4.81682 L: 3.03735 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 9013148 duration: 0.888 speed: 1.01499e+07 garbage collected: 5974104 speed: 6.72759e+06 heap limit: 5134504 size before gc: 9013148 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0596718 gc_rate: 10.5249, g_bytes: 5.09341e+06, g_time: 8.5357e+07, s_bytes: 8.6402e+06, s_time: 820928 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.1362 New_limit: 4.89539 L: 3.03904 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8995428 duration: 0.806 speed: 1.11606e+07 garbage collected: 5953940 speed: 7.38702e+06 heap limit: 5136196 size before gc: 8995428 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0596535 gc_rate: 10.6199, g_bytes: 5.13656e+06, g_time: 8.61066e+07, s_bytes: 8.63891e+06, s_time: 813464 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.13864 New_limit: 4.88997 L: 3.04149 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8955172 duration: 0.971 speed: 9.22263e+06 garbage collected: 6102104 speed: 6.28435e+06 heap limit: 5138640 size before gc: 8955172 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0597466 gc_rate: 9.54447, g_bytes: 5.17541e+06, g_time: 8.66227e+07, s_bytes: 8.51588e+06, s_time: 892232 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.95022 New_limit: 4.74302 L: 2.85307 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0595618 gc_rate: 9.54447, g_bytes: 4.94927e+06, g_time: 8.30947e+07, s_bytes: 8.51588e+06, s_time: 892232 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.95022 New_limit: 4.7401 L: 2.85307 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8742816 duration: 0.911 speed: 9.59694e+06 garbage collected: 5678236 speed: 6.23297e+06 heap limit: 4950220 size before gc: 8742816 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0596806 gc_rate: 9.37482, g_bytes: 4.9963e+06, g_time: 8.37173e+07, s_bytes: 8.45249e+06, s_time: 901616 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.16173 New_limit: 5.03989 L: 3.06458 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8959460 duration: 0.755 speed: 1.18668e+07 garbage collected: 5919904 speed: 7.84093e+06 heap limit: 5161732 size before gc: 8959460 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.059622 gc_rate: 10.3075, g_bytes: 5.04123e+06, g_time: 8.45531e+07, s_bytes: 8.53781e+06, s_time: 828308 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.13671 New_limit: 4.91475 L: 3.03956 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 9031724 duration: 0.984 speed: 9.17858e+06 garbage collected: 5943596 speed: 6.04024e+06 heap limit: 5136708 size before gc: 9031724 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0596676 gc_rate: 9.47666, g_bytes: 5.08877e+06, g_time: 8.52854e+07, s_bytes: 8.58732e+06, s_time: 906154 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.18528 New_limit: 5.06011 L: 3.08813 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8988620 duration: 0.785 speed: 1.14505e+07 garbage collected: 5953488 speed: 7.58406e+06 heap limit: 5185280 size before gc: 8988620 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0596546 gc_rate: 10.1911, g_bytes: 5.12936e+06, g_time: 8.59843e+07, s_bytes: 8.61732e+06, s_time: 845577 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.13228 New_limit: 4.92015 L: 3.03513 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8980632 duration: 0.922 speed: 9.74038e+06 garbage collected: 5909800 speed: 6.40976e+06 heap limit: 5132284 size before gc: 8980632 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0596768 gc_rate: 9.75172, g_bytes: 5.17017e+06, g_time: 8.66362e+07, s_bytes: 8.61846e+06, s_time: 883789 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.16798 New_limit: 5.00951 L: 3.07083 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
allocation_rate: 0.059383 gc_rate: 9.75172, g_bytes: 4.94177e+06, g_time: 8.32186e+07, s_bytes: 8.61846e+06, s_time: 883789 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.16798 New_limit: 5.00473 L: 3.07083 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 9017400 duration: 0.994 speed: 9.07183e+06 garbage collected: 5949256 speed: 5.98517e+06 heap limit: 5167984 size before gc: 9017400 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.059396 gc_rate: 9.19552, g_bytes: 4.99201e+06, g_time: 8.40462e+07, s_bytes: 8.63362e+06, s_time: 938894 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.1653 New_limit: 5.05902 L: 3.06814 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 9004716 duration: 0.885 speed: 1.01748e+07 garbage collected: 5929360 speed: 6.69984e+06 heap limit: 5165296 size before gc: 9004716 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0594457 gc_rate: 9.46672, g_bytes: 5.03924e+06, g_time: 8.47705e+07, s_bytes: 8.63315e+06, s_time: 911947 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.17251 New_limit: 5.04063 L: 3.07536 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 9106852 duration: 1.006 speed: 9.05254e+06 garbage collected: 5997176 speed: 5.96141e+06 heap limit: 5172508 size before gc: 9106852 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0594765 gc_rate: 9.00092, g_bytes: 5.08885e+06, g_time: 8.55607e+07, s_bytes: 8.63164e+06, s_time: 958974 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.20683 New_limit: 5.1369 L: 3.10968 Additional Memory: 2

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8947704 duration: 0.893 speed: 1.00198e+07 garbage collected: 6092280 speed: 6.82226e+06 heap limit: 5206828 size before gc: 8947704 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0595323 gc_rate: 9.28637, g_bytes: 5.12631e+06, g_time: 8.61098e+07, s_bytes: 8.59905e+06, s_time: 925987 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.95258 New_limit: 4.76881 L: 2.85542 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8779068 duration: 0.869 speed: 1.01025e+07 garbage collected: 5703276 speed: 6.56303e+06 heap limit: 4952576 size before gc: 8779068 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.05967 gc_rate: 9.46558, g_bytes: 5.16618e+06, g_time: 8.65791e+07, s_bytes: 8.49529e+06, s_time: 897493 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.17294 New_limit: 5.04503 L: 3.07579 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.059447 gc_rate: 9.46558, g_bytes: 4.95729e+06, g_time: 8.339e+07, s_bytes: 8.49529e+06, s_time: 897493 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.17294 New_limit: 5.04134 L: 3.07579 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8997832 duration: 0.868 speed: 1.03662e+07 garbage collected: 5928032 speed: 6.82953e+06 heap limit: 5172944 size before gc: 8997832 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0594402 gc_rate: 9.69994, g_bytes: 5.00552e+06, g_time: 8.4211e+07, s_bytes: 8.56259e+06, s_time: 882747 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.16695 New_limit: 5.00946 L: 3.0698 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8965344 duration: 0.763 speed: 1.17501e+07 garbage collected: 5946116 speed: 7.79307e+06 heap limit: 5166952 size before gc: 8965344 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0594368 gc_rate: 10.4479, g_bytes: 5.05003e+06, g_time: 8.49647e+07, s_bytes: 8.5973e+06, s_time: 822873 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.11638 New_limit: 4.87266 L: 3.01923 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 9117256 duration: 1.012 speed: 9.00915e+06 garbage collected: 6002796 speed: 5.93162e+06 heap limit: 5116380 size before gc: 9117256 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0595282 gc_rate: 9.38407, g_bytes: 5.10243e+06, g_time: 8.57145e+07, s_bytes: 8.60929e+06, s_time: 917437 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.21161 New_limit: 5.10226 L: 3.11446 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8886556 duration: 0.724 speed: 1.22742e+07 garbage collected: 6064660 speed: 8.3766e+06 heap limit: 5211612 size before gc: 8886556 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0595611 gc_rate: 10.4878, g_bytes: 5.13591e+06, g_time: 8.62293e+07, s_bytes: 8.6075e+06, s_time: 820718 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.91905 New_limit: 4.61219 L: 2.8219 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8939608 duration: 1.029 speed: 8.68767e+06 garbage collected: 6106840 speed: 5.93473e+06 heap limit: 4919048 size before gc: 8939608 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0597256 gc_rate: 9.20078, g_bytes: 5.185e+06, g_time: 8.68137e+07, s_bytes: 8.50943e+06, s_time: 924859 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.92992 New_limit: 4.7505 L: 2.83277 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
allocation_rate: 0.0595904 gc_rate: 9.20078, g_bytes: 4.99063e+06, g_time: 8.37489e+07, s_bytes: 8.50943e+06, s_time: 924859 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.92992 New_limit: 4.74833 L: 2.83277 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8903080 duration: 0.51 speed: 1.7457e+07 garbage collected: 5979668 speed: 1.17248e+07 heap limit: 4929920 size before gc: 8903080 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0596377 gc_rate: 11.991, g_bytes: 5.04461e+06, g_time: 8.45876e+07, s_bytes: 8.60273e+06, s_time: 717430 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 5.02056 New_limit: 4.62868 L: 2.92341 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8865824 duration: 0.662 speed: 1.33925e+07 garbage collected: 6011352 speed: 9.08059e+06 heap limit: 5020564 size before gc: 8865824 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0596859 gc_rate: 12.4935, g_bytes: 5.0895e+06, g_time: 8.52713e+07, s_bytes: 8.61696e+06, s_time: 689715 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.95162 New_limit: 4.50594 L: 2.85447 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
***Calling commented Grow()***
833740_140564481757960 start incremtal marking!
yg_balancer flag disabled
gc, name: box2d.js size: 8898392 duration: 0.537 speed: 1.65706e+07 garbage collected: 6084464 speed: 1.13305e+07 heap limit: 4951624 size before gc: 8898392 guid: 833740_140564481757960
allocation_rate: 0.0597862 gc_rate: 14.0841, g_bytes: 5.13722e+06, g_time: 8.59265e+07, s_bytes: 8.63857e+06, s_time: 613357 yg_diff: 0
Current Limit: 4.91108 New_limit: 4.35957 L: 2.81393 Additional Memory: 1

yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
yg_balancer flag disabled
inside timer stop
calling join
Segmentation fault (core dumped)
